content/posts/a_scientific_game_engine_in_the_cloud.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2015'
Copyright: 'creativeCommon'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG8-yurFBXM"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JG8-yurFBXM/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2015-08-07'
speakers: [Oliver Nagy]
tags: []
---
Azrael is a game engine for engineers. Unlike traditional engines it emphasises
accurate physics, runs in the Cloud, offers a language agnostic API, and is written in (mostly) Python.

Its main purpose is to make it easy for engineers to build, study, and control
complex physical systems, for instance how to auto pilot a space ship; or a fleet
thereof; in formation; through an Asteroid belt...

I will show a live demo to illustrate the concept. It uses a simple control
algorithm to manoeuvre an object to a pre defined position in space. Once there
it will maintain that position despite random collisions with other objects.

For more information and demo videos please visit https://olitheolix.com/azrael.
The code is available at https://github.com/olitheolix/azrael.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/a_scientific_game_engine_in_the_cloud.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2015'
Copyright: 'creativeCommon'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG8-yurFBXM"'
Speakers: [Oliver Nagy]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/JG8-yurFBXM/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"A Scientific Game Engine in the Cloud"'
date: '2015-08-07'
---
Azrael is a game engine for engineers. Unlike traditional engines it emphasises
accurate physics, runs in the Cloud, offers a language agnostic API, and is written in (mostly) Python.

Its main purpose is to make it easy for engineers to build, study, and control
complex physical systems, for instance how to auto pilot a space ship; or a fleet
thereof; in formation; through an Asteroid belt...

I will show a live demo to illustrate the concept. It uses a simple control
algorithm to manoeuvre an object to a pre defined position in space. Once there
it will maintain that position despite random collisions with other objects.

For more information and demo videos please visit https://olitheolix.com/azrael.
The code is available at https://github.com/olitheolix/azrael.
