content/posts/an_(biased)_survey_of_the_python_web.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/434_an-biased-survey-of-the-python-web.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011AnBiasedSurveyOfThePythonWeb847.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Mark Ramm]
tags: [pycon, pycon2011, web, webframeworks]
---
An (biased) survey of the python web

Presented by Mark Ramm

I may be BDFL of one framework, but that's also why I pay attention to the
whole ecosystem. From the release of Plone 4, TurboGears 2, Django 1.2 and
Pylons 1 ,it's been an interesting year. And things like html5lib, an updated
WSGI spec, and a contender for the next generation WSGI have all made things
interesting. Come explore the wild and dynamic jungle that I call "the python
web toolkit."

Abstract

This talk will not teach people to use python to make websites. It's to teach
people who already use python, that there are lots of different tools out
there, and to help us all get some perspective on the python web toolkit.

In 2005 Pycon had the great PyWebOff, and while this talk won't be about
throwing Twisted into a cage match with Zope3, or setting Flask up in a fight
to the death against web.py, it will one again provide an attempt to survey
the full landscape of the python web world, and to see how far we've come in
the last 5 years.

We've definitely come a long way. Django has brought over many converts to
Python, google released app engine with python as the first supported
language, and there are quite a few sites in the top 100 using python to serve
up dynamic content to hundreds of millions of users.

But it hasn't all been good either, there's more fragmentation than ever.
We've also got more half finished libraries, and broken framework extensions,
and abandoned projects littering up the landscape.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/an_(biased)_survey_of_the_python_web.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/434_an-biased-survey-of-the-python-web.mp4
Speakers: [Mark Ramm]
Tags: [pycon, pycon2011, web, webframeworks]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011AnBiasedSurveyOfThePythonWeb847.png'
Title: '"An (biased) survey of the python web"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
An (biased) survey of the python web

Presented by Mark Ramm

I may be BDFL of one framework, but that's also why I pay attention to the
whole ecosystem. From the release of Plone 4, TurboGears 2, Django 1.2 and
Pylons 1 ,it's been an interesting year. And things like html5lib, an updated
WSGI spec, and a contender for the next generation WSGI have all made things
interesting. Come explore the wild and dynamic jungle that I call "the python
web toolkit."

Abstract

This talk will not teach people to use python to make websites. It's to teach
people who already use python, that there are lots of different tools out
there, and to help us all get some perspective on the python web toolkit.

In 2005 Pycon had the great PyWebOff, and while this talk won't be about
throwing Twisted into a cage match with Zope3, or setting Flask up in a fight
to the death against web.py, it will one again provide an attempt to survey
the full landscape of the python web world, and to see how far we've come in
the last 5 years.

We've definitely come a long way. Django has brought over many converts to
Python, google released app engine with python as the first supported
language, and there are quite a few sites in the top 100 using python to serve
up dynamic content to hundreds of millions of users.

But it hasn't all been good either, there's more fragmentation than ever.
We've also got more half finished libraries, and broken framework extensions,
and abandoned projects littering up the landscape.
