content/posts/an_introduction_to_regular_expressions_in_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-regular-expressions"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-regular-expressions/pyconza2014-regular-expressions.thumbs/9%20A%20An%20introduction%20to%20regular%20expressions%20in%20Python-_001410.jpg'
date: '2014-10-03'
speakers: ["Adrianna Pi\u0144ska"]
tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
---
Regular expressions are a mini-language used for pattern-matching in text. They have been a staple of the computing world for decades: they are implemented in most programming languages, form the core of several utilities, and can be found lurking in the search-and-replace functionality of any sufficiently advanced text editor.
Despite their usefulness, regular expressions have developed a reputation for complexity and a steep learning curve. New programmers are often warned to steer clear of them -- which is a pity, because there are some problems for which they are a quick and elegant solution.
In this talk I aim to demystify regular expressions for the beginner programmer, and to provide a brief guided tour of Python's re module. I hope to encourage more programmers to get to know this useful tool.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/an_introduction_to_regular_expressions_in_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-regular-expressions"'
Speakers: ["Adrianna Pi\u0144ska"]
Tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-regular-expressions/pyconza2014-regular-expressions.thumbs/9%20A%20An%20introduction%20to%20regular%20expressions%20in%20Python-_001410.jpg'
Title: '"An introduction to regular expressions in Python"'
date: '2014-10-03'
---
Regular expressions are a mini-language used for pattern-matching in text. They have been a staple of the computing world for decades: they are implemented in most programming languages, form the core of several utilities, and can be found lurking in the search-and-replace functionality of any sufficiently advanced text editor.
Despite their usefulness, regular expressions have developed a reputation for complexity and a steep learning curve. New programmers are often warned to steer clear of them -- which is a pity, because there are some problems for which they are a quick and elegant solution.
In this talk I aim to demystify regular expressions for the beginner programmer, and to provide a brief guided tour of Python's re module. I hope to encourage more programmers to get to know this useful tool.
