content/posts/an_introduction_to_wagtail_(cms).md, before:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2015'
Copyright: 'CC BY-SA'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://youtu.be/glIIF-kBXf0"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/glIIF-kBXf0/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2015-09-05'
speakers: [Eloise "Ducky" Macdonald-Meyer]
tags: []
---
This talk is an introduction to Wagtail, a content management system built on the Python web framework, Django. Many content managers are not designed with web developers in mind, and choosing the right CMS for a project, that does it's job well and assists with fast paced development, can be difficult. Everyone has a favourite out there. I'm not sure if I can call Wagtail my favourite yet, however I have found it to be a very developer-friendly system. And after unknowingly working alongside a core contributor for some time, I hadn't realised what little recognition Wagtail has as a tool, even among Django developers. My talk will thus discuss the pros and cons of the system, with a demonstration to show how easy it is to get started with using it. I will also touch on it's nature as an open-source platform and some of it's potential futures.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/an_introduction_to_wagtail_(cms).md, after:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2015'
Copyright: 'CC BY-SA'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://youtu.be/glIIF-kBXf0"'
Speakers: [Eloise "Ducky" Macdonald-Meyer]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/glIIF-kBXf0/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"An introduction to Wagtail (CMS)"'
date: '2015-09-05'
---
This talk is an introduction to Wagtail, a content management system built on the Python web framework, Django. Many content managers are not designed with web developers in mind, and choosing the right CMS for a project, that does it's job well and assists with fast paced development, can be difficult. Everyone has a favourite out there. I'm not sure if I can call Wagtail my favourite yet, however I have found it to be a very developer-friendly system. And after unknowingly working alongside a core contributor for some time, I hadn't realised what little recognition Wagtail has as a tool, even among Django developers. My talk will thus discuss the pros and cons of the system, with a demonstration to show how easy it is to get started with using it. I will also touch on it's nature as an open-source platform and some of it's potential futures.
