content/posts/an_open_success_for_the_cloud_openstack.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/393_an-open-success-for-the-cloud-openstack.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011AnOpenSuccessForTheCloudOpenStack791.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Andy Smith]
tags: [openstack, pycon, pycon2011]
---
An Open success for the cloud: OpenStack

Presented by Andy Smith

OpenStack is a collection of open source technologies written entirely in
Python, delivering a massively scalable cloud operating system. OpenStack is
currently developing two interrelated projects: OpenStack Compute and
OpenStack Object Storage. OpenStack Compute is software to provision and
manage large groups of virtual private servers, and OpenStack Object Storage
is software for creating redundant, scalable object storage using clusters of
commodity servers to store terabytes or even petabytes of data.

This talk will go into details about the success of OpenStack with Python,
limitations and how overall, Python was the right technology choice.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/an_open_success_for_the_cloud_openstack.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/393_an-open-success-for-the-cloud-openstack.mp4
Speakers: [Andy Smith]
Tags: [openstack, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011AnOpenSuccessForTheCloudOpenStack791.png'
Title: '"An Open success for the cloud: OpenStack"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
An Open success for the cloud: OpenStack

Presented by Andy Smith

OpenStack is a collection of open source technologies written entirely in
Python, delivering a massively scalable cloud operating system. OpenStack is
currently developing two interrelated projects: OpenStack Compute and
OpenStack Object Storage. OpenStack Compute is software to provision and
manage large groups of virtual private servers, and OpenStack Object Storage
is software for creating redundant, scalable object storage using clusters of
commodity servers to store terabytes or even petabytes of data.

This talk will go into details about the success of OpenStack with Python,
limitations and how overall, Python was the right technology choice.
