content/posts/bicycles_for_the_mind_building_highperformance_tools_with_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon APAC 2014'
Copyright: 'creativeCommon'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ylmODAUmL4"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/8ylmODAUmL4/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-08-07'
speakers: ["Andreas Kl\xF6ckner"]
tags: []
---
Andreas Klöckner is an assistant professor in the scientific computing group
within the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign. He works on high-order numerical methods for the simulation
of wave problems as well as issues in high-performance scientific computing
that relate to bringing these methods to life on large-scale parallel
computers. In support of his research, Dr. Klöckner has released numerous
software packages for scientific computing in Python, including PyOpenCL,
PyCUDA and the PuDB Python debugger. He obtained his PhD degree at the Division
of Applied Mathematics at Brown University with Jan Hesthaven, working on
large-scale finite element simulations of wave problems in the time domain.
From Brown, Klöckner moved to the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at
New York University as a Courant Instructor, where he worked on integral
equation methods and fast algorithms within Leslie Greengard's group.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/bicycles_for_the_mind_building_highperformance_tools_with_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon APAC 2014'
Copyright: 'creativeCommon'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ylmODAUmL4"'
Speakers: ["Andreas Kl\xF6ckner"]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/8ylmODAUmL4/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Bicycles for the Mind: Building High-Performance Tools with Python"'
date: '2014-08-07'
---
Andreas Klöckner is an assistant professor in the scientific computing group
within the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign. He works on high-order numerical methods for the simulation
of wave problems as well as issues in high-performance scientific computing
that relate to bringing these methods to life on large-scale parallel
computers. In support of his research, Dr. Klöckner has released numerous
software packages for scientific computing in Python, including PyOpenCL,
PyCUDA and the PuDB Python debugger. He obtained his PhD degree at the Division
of Applied Mathematics at Brown University with Jan Hesthaven, working on
large-scale finite element simulations of wave problems in the time domain.
From Brown, Klöckner moved to the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at
New York University as a Courant Instructor, where he worked on integral
equation methods and fast algorithms within Leslie Greengard's group.
