content/posts/building_c++_apis_on_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5YwerH73EY"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/i5YwerH73EY/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-05'
speakers: [A Bingham]
tags: []
---
Python has great support for interfacing with C/C++ code, and this has been
used to great advantage by exposing many C/C++ libraries as Python modules. In
this talk, I will reverse the equation. I will show you how you can - and why
you might want to - build C++ APIs on top of Python modules and use them
directly from your C++ programs. The topics will include: Conversion of types
across the language boundary. Implementation of C++ idioms (e.g. the
begin()/end() iterator API) on top of Python idioms. Python runtime
management: initialization, module loading, etc. Working with the “impedance
mismatches” between the languages (e.g. duck-typing vs. static typing) I will
also discuss the reasons why C++ APIs on Python code represent a very useful
and often powerful technique. The reasons range from simple pragmatism (you
want to use an existing Python module in an existing C++ program) to
productivity (writing Python code plus a C++ wrapper can be easier and faster
than writing pure C++.) link - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d
/1hx_59DMQm6ZlI3Jz-LX-
DZ4m5LVLpGcSlk1Dq1PiELI/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d
/1hx_59DMQm6ZlI3Jz-LX-DZ4m5LVLpGcSlk1Dq1PiELI/edit)

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/building_c++_apis_on_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5YwerH73EY"'
Speakers: [A Bingham]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/i5YwerH73EY/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Building C++ APIs on Python"'
date: '2012-07-05'
---
Python has great support for interfacing with C/C++ code, and this has been
used to great advantage by exposing many C/C++ libraries as Python modules. In
this talk, I will reverse the equation. I will show you how you can - and why
you might want to - build C++ APIs on top of Python modules and use them
directly from your C++ programs. The topics will include: Conversion of types
across the language boundary. Implementation of C++ idioms (e.g. the
begin()/end() iterator API) on top of Python idioms. Python runtime
management: initialization, module loading, etc. Working with the “impedance
mismatches” between the languages (e.g. duck-typing vs. static typing) I will
also discuss the reasons why C++ APIs on Python code represent a very useful
and often powerful technique. The reasons range from simple pragmatism (you
want to use an existing Python module in an existing C++ program) to
productivity (writing Python code plus a C++ wrapper can be easier and faster
than writing pure C++.) link - [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d
/1hx_59DMQm6ZlI3Jz-LX-
DZ4m5LVLpGcSlk1Dq1PiELI/edit](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d
/1hx_59DMQm6ZlI3Jz-LX-DZ4m5LVLpGcSlk1Dq1PiELI/edit)
