content/posts/building_the_internet_of_things_with_raspberry_pi.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things.thumbs/4%20A%20Building%20the%20Internet%20of%20Things%20with%20Raspberry%20Pi-_001350.jpg'
date: '2014-10-02'
speakers: [Neil Broers]
tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
---
With the advent of the low cost Raspberry Pi computer, anyone with a soldering iron and some basic Python skills can take everyday objects and transform them into fully networked, smart devices.
In this talk, I will show you how I hacked a Raspberry Pi into my home alarm system, turning my network of IP cameras into motion triggered sensors. I will show you how to build basic input and output circuits and introduce you to the RPi.GPIO Python module. We’ll talk about how you can build a RESTful server on your Raspberry Pi to enable remote access. And finally, more ideas for hacking everyday objects around the home!
No prior electronics knowledge required.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/building_the_internet_of_things_with_raspberry_pi.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things"'
Speakers: [Neil Broers]
Tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things/pyconza2014-raspberry-pi-internet-of-things.thumbs/4%20A%20Building%20the%20Internet%20of%20Things%20with%20Raspberry%20Pi-_001350.jpg'
Title: '"Building the Internet of Things with Raspberry Pi"'
date: '2014-10-02'
---
With the advent of the low cost Raspberry Pi computer, anyone with a soldering iron and some basic Python skills can take everyday objects and transform them into fully networked, smart devices.
In this talk, I will show you how I hacked a Raspberry Pi into my home alarm system, turning my network of IP cameras into motion triggered sensors. I will show you how to build basic input and output circuits and introduce you to the RPi.GPIO Python module. We’ll talk about how you can build a RESTful server on your Raspberry Pi to enable remote access. And finally, more ideas for hacking everyday objects around the home!
No prior electronics knowledge required.
