content/posts/complex_and_social_network_analysis_in_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4OHUDsNrLo"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/m4OHUDsNrLo/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-04'
speakers: [E Franchi]
tags: []
---
A complex network is a network that has non trivial topological properties,
i.e., properties hinting the presence of elaborate relationships among the
actors, opposed to simple networks such as regular lattices or random graphs.
Examples of complex networks are most social, technological or biological
networks, such as the internet, the web, a professional network, the nervous
system of an animal or the contact network of any social networking system.
Network analysis has many practical applications, e.g., ranking or grouping
items on the basis of their position in the network, and is also the basis of
some collective intelligence and data mining techniques. Recently network
analysis is also applied to security problems in the form of trust networks.
Along with the basic concepts, working Python code is presented, both using
existing network analysis Python tools and numeric packages. The focus is
mainly placed on code, which will be shown and discussed together with the
theory, with the idea that running code and simulations are easier to
understand that formal maths. Since complex network datasets are typically
huge, some high-level optimization techniques are also discussed. Although
formulas are kept at the minimum, some maths skills are required along with
basic knowledge of the Python programming language.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/complex_and_social_network_analysis_in_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4OHUDsNrLo"'
Speakers: [E Franchi]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/m4OHUDsNrLo/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Complex and social network analysis in Python"'
date: '2012-07-04'
---
A complex network is a network that has non trivial topological properties,
i.e., properties hinting the presence of elaborate relationships among the
actors, opposed to simple networks such as regular lattices or random graphs.
Examples of complex networks are most social, technological or biological
networks, such as the internet, the web, a professional network, the nervous
system of an animal or the contact network of any social networking system.
Network analysis has many practical applications, e.g., ranking or grouping
items on the basis of their position in the network, and is also the basis of
some collective intelligence and data mining techniques. Recently network
analysis is also applied to security problems in the form of trust networks.
Along with the basic concepts, working Python code is presented, both using
existing network analysis Python tools and numeric packages. The focus is
mainly placed on code, which will be shown and discussed together with the
theory, with the idea that running code and simulations are easier to
understand that formal maths. Since complex network datasets are typically
huge, some high-level optimization techniques are also discussed. Although
formulas are kept at the minimum, some maths skills are required along with
basic knowledge of the Python programming language.
