content/posts/couchdb_and_python_in_practice.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/429_couchdb-and-python-in-practice.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011CouchDBAndPythonInPractice776.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Luke Gotszling]
tags: [couchdb, pycon, pycon2011]
---
CouchDB and Python in practice

Presented by Luke Gotszling

This talk introduces one 'NoSQL' solution, CouchDB, and how to get it to play
well with Python. Topics covered:

  * Introduction to CouchDB 
  * A python ORM for CouchDB 
  * Parsing CouchDB documents within python 
  * Writing view functions in python 
  * Map/reduce on CouchDB from python 
  * Lessons learned from managing and distributing a live deployment at scale under high load 

Abstract

This is a rough draft

NoSQL

  * CouchDB stores schema free documents 

Why CouchDB?

  * Complicated mapping structures handled 
  * Revision history 
  * Maps nicely to Python objects 
  * HTTP protocol 

Python ORM

  * couchdb-python 
  * Mapping structures 
  * demo 

View functions

  * write in Erlang, Javascript, Python? 
  * demo 

Scaling

  * Distributed map/reduce 
  * BigCouch 
  * Read/write quorum

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/couchdb_and_python_in_practice.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/429_couchdb-and-python-in-practice.mp4
Speakers: [Luke Gotszling]
Tags: [couchdb, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011CouchDBAndPythonInPractice776.png'
Title: '"CouchDB and Python in practice"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
CouchDB and Python in practice

Presented by Luke Gotszling

This talk introduces one 'NoSQL' solution, CouchDB, and how to get it to play
well with Python. Topics covered:

  * Introduction to CouchDB 
  * A python ORM for CouchDB 
  * Parsing CouchDB documents within python 
  * Writing view functions in python 
  * Map/reduce on CouchDB from python 
  * Lessons learned from managing and distributing a live deployment at scale under high load 

Abstract

This is a rough draft

NoSQL

  * CouchDB stores schema free documents 

Why CouchDB?

  * Complicated mapping structures handled 
  * Revision history 
  * Maps nicely to Python objects 
  * HTTP protocol 

Python ORM

  * couchdb-python 
  * Mapping structures 
  * demo 

View functions

  * write in Erlang, Javascript, Python? 
  * demo 

Scaling

  * Distributed map/reduce 
  * BigCouch 
  * Read/write quorum
