content/posts/decorators_from_basics_to_class_decorators_to_decorator_libraries_(#138).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/350_decorators-from-basics-to-class-decorators-to-decorator-libraries-138.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010DecoratorsFromBasicsToClassDecoratorsToDecorato979.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: [Charles Merriam]
tags: [decorators, pycon, pycon2010]
---
Decorators from Basics to Class Decorators to Decorator Libraries

  
Presented by Charles Merriam

  
Decorators simplify design and improve readability and reliability. This
tutorial starts from the beginning with basic decorators, showing how simple
tasks like restricting administration functions are clearer and more readable
with decorators, and exactly how the decorators work. A simple library of
decorators for tracing, logging, and caching results is presented. This leads
into writing your own decorators and parameterized decorators either from
scratch or by using libraries like Simionato's Decorator Decorator and
"@call_before(fn)". Finally, using Python 3.x class decorators in place of
metaclasses for most common dictionary modifications is covered.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Missing about 1 minute at start, because of technical
problems.]

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/decorators_from_basics_to_class_decorators_to_decorator_libraries_(#138).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/350_decorators-from-basics-to-class-decorators-to-decorator-libraries-138.m4v
Speakers: [Charles Merriam]
Tags: [decorators, pycon, pycon2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010DecoratorsFromBasicsToClassDecoratorsToDecorato979.png'
Title: '"Decorators From Basics to Class Decorators to Decorator Libraries (#138)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
Decorators from Basics to Class Decorators to Decorator Libraries

  
Presented by Charles Merriam

  
Decorators simplify design and improve readability and reliability. This
tutorial starts from the beginning with basic decorators, showing how simple
tasks like restricting administration functions are clearer and more readable
with decorators, and exactly how the decorators work. A simple library of
decorators for tracing, logging, and caching results is presented. This leads
into writing your own decorators and parameterized decorators either from
scratch or by using libraries like Simionato's Decorator Decorator and
"@call_before(fn)". Finally, using Python 3.x class decorators in place of
metaclasses for most common dictionary modifications is covered.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Missing about 1 minute at start, because of technical
problems.]
