content/posts/designing_to_scale_the_story_of_shootq_(#5).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/304_designing-to-scale-the-story-of-shootq-5.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010DesigningToScaleTheStoryOfShootQ5229.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: []
tags: [deployment, loadbalancing, pycon, pycon2010, replication, scaling, turbogears,
  wsgi]
---
Designing to Scale: The story of ShootQ

  
Jonathan LaCour (ShootQ)

  
ShootQ is a web-based studio management solution for professional photography
studios, designed to automate and simplify the task of running a small
business. In this talk, Jonathan LaCour, the CTO of ShootQ, hopes to share his
experience designing a web application that can scale up to meet the demands
of a rapidly growing customer base. The talk will cover a variety of topics
including TurboGears 2.0, WSGI, horizontal and vertical scaling, database
replication, load balancing, deployment, and more.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/designing_to_scale_the_story_of_shootq_(#5).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/304_designing-to-scale-the-story-of-shootq-5.m4v
Speakers: []
Tags: [deployment, loadbalancing, pycon, pycon2010, replication, scaling, turbogears,
  wsgi]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010DesigningToScaleTheStoryOfShootQ5229.png'
Title: '"Designing to Scale: The Story of ShootQ (#5)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
Designing to Scale: The story of ShootQ

  
Jonathan LaCour (ShootQ)

  
ShootQ is a web-based studio management solution for professional photography
studios, designed to automate and simplify the task of running a small
business. In this talk, Jonathan LaCour, the CTO of ShootQ, hopes to share his
experience designing a web application that can scale up to meet the demands
of a rapidly growing customer base. The talk will cover a variety of topics
including TurboGears 2.0, WSGI, horizontal and vertical scaling, database
replication, load balancing, deployment, and more.
