content/posts/developing_desktop_and_mobile_apps_with_pyside_and_qml.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoXee8Y-3w0"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/aoXee8Y-3w0/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-13'
speakers: [Thomas Perl]
tags: [gui, mobile, pyside, qt]
---
PySide offers Python bindings to the Qt libraries. This allows rapid
development of great UI-based Python applications. With the addition of QML in
Qt 4.7, this now gives developers a chance to develop touch-based, rich
applications directly with Python. This talk introduces PySide development,
combined with QML, and shows some real-world examples of mobile PySide
applications.

This talk is based on my PySide/QML on [MeeGo tutorials](http://thp.io/2010
/meego-python/), and shows some of the possibilities. It is aimed at Python
developers looking for a GUI toolkit to create fluent, hardware-accelerated
cross-platform UIs using QML.

Materials available at:
[http://thp.io/2011/europython/](http://thp.io/2011/europython/)

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/developing_desktop_and_mobile_apps_with_pyside_and_qml.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoXee8Y-3w0"'
Speakers: [Thomas Perl]
Tags: [gui, mobile, pyside, qt]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/aoXee8Y-3w0/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Developing Desktop and mobile apps with PySide and QML"'
date: '2011-07-13'
---
PySide offers Python bindings to the Qt libraries. This allows rapid
development of great UI-based Python applications. With the addition of QML in
Qt 4.7, this now gives developers a chance to develop touch-based, rich
applications directly with Python. This talk introduces PySide development,
combined with QML, and shows some real-world examples of mobile PySide
applications.

This talk is based on my PySide/QML on [MeeGo tutorials](http://thp.io/2010
/meego-python/), and shows some of the possibilities. It is aimed at Python
developers looking for a GUI toolkit to create fluent, hardware-accelerated
cross-platform UIs using QML.

Materials available at:
[http://thp.io/2011/europython/](http://thp.io/2011/europython/)
