content/posts/domain_specific_frameworks__why_they_rock_and_what_can_we_do_to_get_more_of_them.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/54_domain-specific-frameworks-why-they-rock-and-what-can-we-do-to-get-more-of-them.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-DomainSpecificFrameworksWhyTheyRockAndWhatCanWeDoTo103-637.jpg'
speakers: [Sean O'Connor]
tags: [djangocon, djangocon2010, domainspecificframeworks, dsf]
---
Domain Specific Frameworks - Why they rock and what we can do to get more of
them

Presented by Sean O'Connor

This talk will provide an overview of some of the existing domain specific
frameworks (DSFs) in the Python/Django world, review some of the common
patterns used within them, and then explore some things which can be done to
make it easier for people to create and maintain DSFs.

Abstract

There's a growing collection of tools such as Celery, ImageKit, and Piston
which fall into a weird but wonderful space between utility libraries and full
fledged applications. Much like Django, DSFs (domain specific frameworks)
provide more structure and have more opinion than utility libraries, but
remain focused on providing developer instead of end-user level functionality.
Unlike Django, DSFs focus on solving a very specific set of specific problems.

This talk will provide an overview of some of the existing DSFs in the
Python/Django world, review some of the common patterns used within them, and
then explore some things which can be done to make it easier for people to
create and maintain DSFs. Two of the DSFs to be discussed include Celery and
ImageKit. Some of the patterns to be reviewed include registration, backends,
and framework integration/independence. Finally, the future facing discussion
will explore possible tools to make DSF building easier and steps general
purpose frameworks (Django) can take to ease integration.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/domain_specific_frameworks__why_they_rock_and_what_can_we_do_to_get_more_of_them.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/54_domain-specific-frameworks-why-they-rock-and-what-can-we-do-to-get-more-of-them.flv
Speakers: [Sean O'Connor]
Tags: [djangocon, djangocon2010, domainspecificframeworks, dsf]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-DomainSpecificFrameworksWhyTheyRockAndWhatCanWeDoTo103-637.jpg'
Title: '"Domain Specific Frameworks - Why they rock and what can we do to get more
  of them"'
---
Domain Specific Frameworks - Why they rock and what we can do to get more of
them

Presented by Sean O'Connor

This talk will provide an overview of some of the existing domain specific
frameworks (DSFs) in the Python/Django world, review some of the common
patterns used within them, and then explore some things which can be done to
make it easier for people to create and maintain DSFs.

Abstract

There's a growing collection of tools such as Celery, ImageKit, and Piston
which fall into a weird but wonderful space between utility libraries and full
fledged applications. Much like Django, DSFs (domain specific frameworks)
provide more structure and have more opinion than utility libraries, but
remain focused on providing developer instead of end-user level functionality.
Unlike Django, DSFs focus on solving a very specific set of specific problems.

This talk will provide an overview of some of the existing DSFs in the
Python/Django world, review some of the common patterns used within them, and
then explore some things which can be done to make it easier for people to
create and maintain DSFs. Two of the DSFs to be discussed include Celery and
ImageKit. Some of the patterns to be reviewed include registration, backends,
and framework integration/independence. Finally, the future facing discussion
will explore possible tools to make DSF building easier and steps general
purpose frameworks (Django) can take to ease integration.
