content/posts/ecommerce_in_python_introduction_to_satchmo_and_getpaid_(#146).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/336_ecommerce-in-python-introduction-to-satchmo-and-getpaid-146.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010EcommerceInPythonIntroductionToSatchmoAndGetPai890.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: [Chris Moffitt, Christopher Johnson]
tags: [pycon, pycon2010, satchmo]
---
Ecommerce in Python: Introduction to Satchmo and GetPaid

  
Presented by Christopher Johnson (ifPeople); Chris Moffitt (Satchmo)

  
The world of open source ecommerce is dominated by PHP-based solutions.
However, in the past few years, there has been significant progress in
building robust python-based alternatives. This discussion will cover 2
different python approaches. Satchmo is based on the Django framework and
GetPaid is a framework for credit card processing in Plone. These solutions
share a similar philosophy and approach but can be used in very different
ways. This discussion will increase awareness of these applications, feature
successful projects, explain how they can be used in your projects, and help
you connect with the open source community.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/ecommerce_in_python_introduction_to_satchmo_and_getpaid_(#146).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/336_ecommerce-in-python-introduction-to-satchmo-and-getpaid-146.m4v
Speakers: [Chris Moffitt, Christopher Johnson]
Tags: [pycon, pycon2010, satchmo]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010EcommerceInPythonIntroductionToSatchmoAndGetPai890.png'
Title: '"Ecommerce in Python: Introduction to Satchmo and GetPaid (#146)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
Ecommerce in Python: Introduction to Satchmo and GetPaid

  
Presented by Christopher Johnson (ifPeople); Chris Moffitt (Satchmo)

  
The world of open source ecommerce is dominated by PHP-based solutions.
However, in the past few years, there has been significant progress in
building robust python-based alternatives. This discussion will cover 2
different python approaches. Satchmo is based on the Django framework and
GetPaid is a framework for credit card processing in Plone. These solutions
share a similar philosophy and approach but can be used in very different
ways. This discussion will increase awareness of these applications, feature
successful projects, explain how they can be used in your projects, and help
you connect with the open source community.
