content/posts/eve__rest_apis_for_humans™.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sUsLvG72_o"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/9sUsLvG72_o/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-07-24'
speakers: [Nicola Iarocci]
tags: []
---
Nowadays everyone has data stored somewhere and needs to expose it through a Web API, possibly a RESTful one. [Eve](http://python-eve.org) is the BSD-licensed, Flask-powered RESTful application and framework that allows to effortlessly build and deploy highly customizable, fully freatured RESTful Web Services. Eve features a robust, feature rich, REST-centered API implementation. MongoDB support comes out of the box and community-driven efforts to deliver ElasticSearch and SQLAlchemy data layers are ongoing. Eve approach is such that you only need to configure your API settings and behaviour, plug in your datasource, and you’re good to go. Features such as Pagination, Sorting, Conditional Requests, Concurrency Control, Validation, HATEOAS, JSON and XML rendering, Projections, Customisable Endpoints, Rate Limiting are all included. Advanced features such as custom Authentication and Authorisation, Custom Validation, Embedded Resource Serialisation are also easily available. In my talk I will introduce the project and its community, recount why and how it's being developed, show the source code, illustrate key concepts and show the road ahead.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/eve__rest_apis_for_humans™.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sUsLvG72_o"'
Speakers: [Nicola Iarocci]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/9sUsLvG72_o/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: Eve - REST APIs for Humans\u2122\
date: '2014-07-24'
---
Nowadays everyone has data stored somewhere and needs to expose it through a Web API, possibly a RESTful one. [Eve](http://python-eve.org) is the BSD-licensed, Flask-powered RESTful application and framework that allows to effortlessly build and deploy highly customizable, fully freatured RESTful Web Services. Eve features a robust, feature rich, REST-centered API implementation. MongoDB support comes out of the box and community-driven efforts to deliver ElasticSearch and SQLAlchemy data layers are ongoing. Eve approach is such that you only need to configure your API settings and behaviour, plug in your datasource, and you’re good to go. Features such as Pagination, Sorting, Conditional Requests, Concurrency Control, Validation, HATEOAS, JSON and XML rendering, Projections, Customisable Endpoints, Rate Limiting are all included. Advanced features such as custom Authentication and Authorisation, Custom Validation, Embedded Resource Serialisation are also easily available. In my talk I will introduce the project and its community, recount why and how it's being developed, show the source code, illustrate key concepts and show the road ahead.
