content/posts/farewell_and_welcome_home_python_in_two_genders.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CR0RwMHIzQ8"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/CR0RwMHIzQ8/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-07-24'
speakers: [Naomi Ceder]
tags: []
---
After half a lifetime "undercover as a man" I transitioned from male to female while staying involved in the Python community. This talk discusses that transition and explores how I found life in Python as a woman different from my former life as a man and the lessons about diversity I have learned.

This talk will include a brief discussion of what being transgender means, my experiences as I came to terms with it, and the losses and gains transition entailed. Early on I made the decision to be as open as possible and to stay engaged in the Python community as I transitioned and I will discuss why I made that decision and the levels of acceptance and support I encountered.

Transition has been wonderfully successful, but that very transition put me in a surprisingly different world. Now being part of not one, but at least 3 groups that are minorities in the Python world gave me a very different view of a community I thought I knew, and pushed me to being an activist (or trouble maker) in spite of myself. In addition to the many positives the Python community has offered me on my journey, I will discuss the experiences that have made me understand that privilege is very much alive and well in the Python world.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/farewell_and_welcome_home_python_in_two_genders.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CR0RwMHIzQ8"'
Speakers: [Naomi Ceder]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/CR0RwMHIzQ8/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Farewell and Welcome Home: Python in Two Genders"'
date: '2014-07-24'
---
After half a lifetime "undercover as a man" I transitioned from male to female while staying involved in the Python community. This talk discusses that transition and explores how I found life in Python as a woman different from my former life as a man and the lessons about diversity I have learned.

This talk will include a brief discussion of what being transgender means, my experiences as I came to terms with it, and the losses and gains transition entailed. Early on I made the decision to be as open as possible and to stay engaged in the Python community as I transitioned and I will discuss why I made that decision and the levels of acceptance and support I encountered.

Transition has been wonderfully successful, but that very transition put me in a surprisingly different world. Now being part of not one, but at least 3 groups that are minorities in the Python world gave me a very different view of a community I thought I knew, and pushed me to being an activist (or trouble maker) in spite of myself. In addition to the many positives the Python community has offered me on my journey, I will discuss the experiences that have made me understand that privilege is very much alive and well in the Python world.
