content/posts/fast_data_mining_with_pytables_and_pandas.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JrZUm9ZHIw"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/_JrZUm9ZHIw/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-06'
speakers: [Y Hipisch]
tags: []
---
In a number of industries, like financial services or utilities, it is
important to analyze huge sets of data in an efficient and fast manner.
Typical solutions that are based on SQL databases or follow some kind of data
warehouse approach are generally quite expensive and demand for huge computing
power. Using the Python libraries PyTables and pandas brings high performance
data mining to your desktop computer or even notebook. The talk illustrates
how to beneficially apply these libraries in the context of financial time
series and other data sets. It is also illustrated how you can implement fast
calculations on data sets which do not fit into the memory of your computer.
In addition, the talk provides a number of examples for the visualization of
your data mining efforts.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/fast_data_mining_with_pytables_and_pandas.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JrZUm9ZHIw"'
Speakers: [Y Hipisch]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/_JrZUm9ZHIw/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Fast Data Mining with Pytables and pandas"'
date: '2012-07-06'
---
In a number of industries, like financial services or utilities, it is
important to analyze huge sets of data in an efficient and fast manner.
Typical solutions that are based on SQL databases or follow some kind of data
warehouse approach are generally quite expensive and demand for huge computing
power. Using the Python libraries PyTables and pandas brings high performance
data mining to your desktop computer or even notebook. The talk illustrates
how to beneficially apply these libraries in the context of financial time
series and other data sets. It is also illustrated how you can implement fast
calculations on data sets which do not fit into the memory of your computer.
In addition, the talk provides a number of examples for the visualization of
your data mining efforts.
