content/posts/functional_functional_programming_in_python_and_even_haskell_part_2.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J992TknDAT8"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/J992TknDAT8/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-06'
speakers: [S Trygubenko]
tags: []
---
Reaping the benefits of functional programming can be a real challenge,
falling anywhere between exciting and frustrating, to the point that one might
end up feeling demotivated and embarrassed about writing in the functional
style in the “real world”. I have always strived to write functional side-
effect free code for production, and this year I have been taking functional
programming for myself one step further by re-writing some of my Python tools
in Haskell, and I would like to share my findings. In this tutorial we will
work through a progression of increasing in complexity fun-to-solve problems,
obtain solutions both in Python and Haskell, in order to be able to first hand
compare and contrast readability, performance and development time. Bring a
laptop and a couple of interpreters (ipython and ghci) and lets do some
hacking!

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/functional_functional_programming_in_python_and_even_haskell_part_2.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J992TknDAT8"'
Speakers: [S Trygubenko]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/J992TknDAT8/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Functional functional programming in Python and even Haskell part 2"'
date: '2012-07-06'
---
Reaping the benefits of functional programming can be a real challenge,
falling anywhere between exciting and frustrating, to the point that one might
end up feeling demotivated and embarrassed about writing in the functional
style in the “real world”. I have always strived to write functional side-
effect free code for production, and this year I have been taking functional
programming for myself one step further by re-writing some of my Python tools
in Haskell, and I would like to share my findings. In this tutorial we will
work through a progression of increasing in complexity fun-to-solve problems,
obtain solutions both in Python and Haskell, in order to be able to first hand
compare and contrast readability, performance and development time. Bring a
laptop and a couple of interpreters (ipython and ghci) and lets do some
hacking!
