content/posts/get_off_the_bench_making_the_leap_from_user_to_contributor.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grGIl9gP-iY"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/grGIl9gP-iY/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-09-06'
speakers: [Russell Keith-Magee]
tags: [django]
---
Django needs you! No -- seriously -- Django is a volunteer project, and the
ability of Django to continue to improve is entirely controlled by the time
and dedication people like you are willing to put into making Django better.

However, it's not just a matter of sitting down and writing code. If you don't
have a plan for how you're going to engage with the rest of the community,
it's very easy to put in a lot of effort, and then have that effort go
entirely to waste. This talk will give you some tips on how to engage the
community so that you can see your effort turn into progress, and not just be
lost in a mailing list.

Getting involved doesn't just mean contributing code, either. There are lots
of other ways that you can be a valuable member of the community, and this
talk will give you several suggestions for how your talents could be used to
improve the entire Django ecosystem.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/get_off_the_bench_making_the_leap_from_user_to_contributor.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grGIl9gP-iY"'
Speakers: [Russell Keith-Magee]
Tags: [django]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/grGIl9gP-iY/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Get off the bench: Making the leap from user to contributor"'
date: '2012-09-06'
---
Django needs you! No -- seriously -- Django is a volunteer project, and the
ability of Django to continue to improve is entirely controlled by the time
and dedication people like you are willing to put into making Django better.

However, it's not just a matter of sitting down and writing code. If you don't
have a plan for how you're going to engage with the rest of the community,
it's very easy to put in a lot of effort, and then have that effort go
entirely to waste. This talk will give you some tips on how to engage the
community so that you can see your effort turn into progress, and not just be
lost in a mailing list.

Getting involved doesn't just mean contributing code, either. There are lots
of other ways that you can be a valuable member of the community, and this
talk will give you several suggestions for how your talents could be used to
improve the entire Django ecosystem.
