content/posts/getting_started_with_cassandra_and_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'DePy 2015'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://youtu.be/-kzbMbFzQZw"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/UKY3scPIMd8/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2015-05-30'
speakers: [Amber Doctor, Philip Doctor]
tags: []
---
This talk will covers why to use Cassandra, basic Cassandra architecture, setting up Cassandra, and basic crud operations with a python web framework.  The Apache Cassandra database is the right choice when you need scalability and high availability without compromising performance. Linear scalability and proven fault-tolerance on commodity hardware or cloud infrastructure make it the perfect platform for mission-critical data. Cassandra's support for replicating across multiple datacenters is best-in-class, providing lower latency for your users and the peace of mind of knowing that you can survive regional outages.  Cassandra's data model offers the convenience of column indexes with the performance of log-structured updates, strong support for denormalization and materialized views, and powerful built-in caching.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/getting_started_with_cassandra_and_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'DePy 2015'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://youtu.be/-kzbMbFzQZw"'
Speakers: [Amber Doctor, Philip Doctor]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/UKY3scPIMd8/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Getting Started with Cassandra and Python"'
date: '2015-05-30'
---
This talk will covers why to use Cassandra, basic Cassandra architecture, setting up Cassandra, and basic crud operations with a python web framework.  The Apache Cassandra database is the right choice when you need scalability and high availability without compromising performance. Linear scalability and proven fault-tolerance on commodity hardware or cloud infrastructure make it the perfect platform for mission-critical data. Cassandra's support for replicating across multiple datacenters is best-in-class, providing lower latency for your users and the peace of mind of knowing that you can survive regional outages.  Cassandra's data model offers the convenience of column indexes with the performance of log-structured updates, strong support for denormalization and materialized views, and powerful built-in caching.
