content/posts/getting_the_job_the_do's_and_don'ts_of_landing_a_python_job.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/408_getting-the-job-the-do-s-and-don-ts-of-landing-a-python-job.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011GettingTheJobTheDosAndDontsOfLandingAPython220.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Brian Moloney]
tags: [hiring, job, pycon, pycon2011]
---
Getting the job: the do's and don'ts of landing a Python job

Presented by Brian Moloney

Every Python programmer is brilliant in his or her own way. That brilliance
shines in code and peer-to-peer conversation. But how do you display your
skills to a non-programmer? How do you impress management and human resources?
What do you need to do (and not do) to successfully navigate the hiring
process and land the job?

Abstract

Imaginary Landscape has been interviewing, hiring and not hiring Python talent
since 1999. Throughout these many years, there have been good candidates, bad
candidates and downright ugly candidates. This talk will use actual
correspondence and examples to demonstrate what can separate you from the
crowd and what can separate you from consideration. Imaginary Landscape non-
technical Managing Partner Brian Moloney will lead the session by describing
how he evaluates potential hires and what goes through his mind while speaking
with potential Python candidates. Attendees will take away a specific set of
guidelines for mastering the non-technical aspects of the recruiting process.

[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: There are problems with the audio for the first 5 minutes.]

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/getting_the_job_the_do's_and_don'ts_of_landing_a_python_job.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/408_getting-the-job-the-do-s-and-don-ts-of-landing-a-python-job.mp4
Speakers: [Brian Moloney]
Tags: [hiring, job, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011GettingTheJobTheDosAndDontsOfLandingAPython220.png'
Title: '"Getting the job: the do''s and don''ts of landing a Python job"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
Getting the job: the do's and don'ts of landing a Python job

Presented by Brian Moloney

Every Python programmer is brilliant in his or her own way. That brilliance
shines in code and peer-to-peer conversation. But how do you display your
skills to a non-programmer? How do you impress management and human resources?
What do you need to do (and not do) to successfully navigate the hiring
process and land the job?

Abstract

Imaginary Landscape has been interviewing, hiring and not hiring Python talent
since 1999. Throughout these many years, there have been good candidates, bad
candidates and downright ugly candidates. This talk will use actual
correspondence and examples to demonstrate what can separate you from the
crowd and what can separate you from consideration. Imaginary Landscape non-
technical Managing Partner Brian Moloney will lead the session by describing
how he evaluates potential hires and what goes through his mind while speaking
with potential Python candidates. Attendees will take away a specific set of
guidelines for mastering the non-technical aspects of the recruiting process.

[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: There are problems with the audio for the first 5 minutes.]
