content/posts/getting_the_logging_module_to_do_your_bidding.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8mS28xBh_A"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/m8mS28xBh_A/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-04'
speakers: [M Sandford]
tags: []
---
The Python logging module is a useful tool for getting all kinds of
information out of your program; everything from error notifications through
to debug information. The standard facilities are useful out of the box, but,
sometimes, you need a bit more. Not surprisingly, it turns out that the
logging module is designed to be extended. This presentation shows some of the
things you can do; things like gathering statistics on message type, directing
emails to different recipients depending on severity, dynamic updating of
attributes, and logging to a database. The examples are based on the
notification facilities in Lokai. The talk covers: an overview of why I
thought I needed the extra features, a look at the logger structures that need
to be changed, and some actual code that does the job. I’m sure there are many
different ways of doing this. Some of the code might be obvious in retrospect,
and some might be surprising. Whatever the case, if you havn’t thought of
doing this before you might be encouraged to give it a go. And if you have
done it before you can always come and heckle.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/getting_the_logging_module_to_do_your_bidding.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8mS28xBh_A"'
Speakers: [M Sandford]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/m8mS28xBh_A/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Getting the logging module to do your bidding"'
date: '2012-07-04'
---
The Python logging module is a useful tool for getting all kinds of
information out of your program; everything from error notifications through
to debug information. The standard facilities are useful out of the box, but,
sometimes, you need a bit more. Not surprisingly, it turns out that the
logging module is designed to be extended. This presentation shows some of the
things you can do; things like gathering statistics on message type, directing
emails to different recipients depending on severity, dynamic updating of
attributes, and logging to a database. The examples are based on the
notification facilities in Lokai. The talk covers: an overview of why I
thought I needed the extra features, a look at the logger structures that need
to be changed, and some actual code that does the job. I’m sure there are many
different ways of doing this. Some of the code might be obvious in retrospect,
and some might be surprising. Whatever the case, if you havn’t thought of
doing this before you might be encouraged to give it a go. And if you have
done it before you can always come and heckle.
