content/posts/greasing_the_wheels_of_exploration_with_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/369_greasing-the-wheels-of-exploration-with-python.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011GreasingTheWheelsOfExplorationWithPython860-969.jpg'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Michael Sims]
tags: [casestudy, mer, pycon, pycon2011]
---
The Mars Exploration Rovers (MER), Spirit and Opportunity, have been roaming
the surface of Mars since January of 2004 leading to many discoveries about
the nature and history of our sister planet. Each activity requires a complex
set of coordinated activites by a team. Early in the MER mission the author
automated much of the task of one of the positions, the Payload Uplink Lead,
for 7 of the 9 cameras on each rover. The system, called AutoPUL, is written
in Python and that has proven to be the excellent choice for the development
and maintenance. In the talk I'll describe the Mars Rover mission and the
operational activities and how AutoPUL and Python fullfilled those needs.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/greasing_the_wheels_of_exploration_with_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/369_greasing-the-wheels-of-exploration-with-python.mp4
Speakers: [Michael Sims]
Tags: [casestudy, mer, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011GreasingTheWheelsOfExplorationWithPython860-969.jpg'
Title: '"Greasing the Wheels of Exploration with Python"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
The Mars Exploration Rovers (MER), Spirit and Opportunity, have been roaming
the surface of Mars since January of 2004 leading to many discoveries about
the nature and history of our sister planet. Each activity requires a complex
set of coordinated activites by a team. Early in the MER mission the author
automated much of the task of one of the positions, the Payload Uplink Lead,
for 7 of the 9 cameras on each rover. The system, called AutoPUL, is written
in Python and that has proven to be the excellent choice for the development
and maintenance. In the talk I'll describe the Mars Rover mission and the
operational activities and how AutoPUL and Python fullfilled those needs.
