content/posts/hands_on_with_pygame.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm78gjYkYKc"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/fm78gjYkYKc/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-07-04'
speakers: [R Dopieralski]
tags: []
---
PyGame continues to be Python’s most popular 2D game library, even though
there is growing competition from more modern OpenGL-based libraries. It is
still an excellent way to learn how our favorite games work internally and to
write similar games ourselves. During this tutorial I want to introduce the
basics of using PyGame to create interactive, animated graphical applications
(such as games), and then help the participants make their own start at a
simple adventure game, which they can later develop further into projects of
their own. I want to concentrate on commonly used techniques and patterns in
game development, which are useful no matter what library is used in the
implementation. In particular I will be discussing animations, tile-based
maps, collision detection, event systems, internal representation of game
state and different approaches to code organisation and internal structure of
games. I have previously created a (much simpler) tutorial for creating a
turn-based tile-based PyGame game and a couple of games, such as Z-Day and
Jelly . I will be using the materials and experiences from those projects in
the tutorial. Please bring your laptop with Python 2.7 and PyGame installed.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/hands_on_with_pygame.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2012'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm78gjYkYKc"'
Speakers: [R Dopieralski]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/fm78gjYkYKc/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Hands on with Pygame"'
date: '2012-07-04'
---
PyGame continues to be Python’s most popular 2D game library, even though
there is growing competition from more modern OpenGL-based libraries. It is
still an excellent way to learn how our favorite games work internally and to
write similar games ourselves. During this tutorial I want to introduce the
basics of using PyGame to create interactive, animated graphical applications
(such as games), and then help the participants make their own start at a
simple adventure game, which they can later develop further into projects of
their own. I want to concentrate on commonly used techniques and patterns in
game development, which are useful no matter what library is used in the
implementation. In particular I will be discussing animations, tile-based
maps, collision detection, event systems, internal representation of game
state and different approaches to code organisation and internal structure of
games. I have previously created a (much simpler) tutorial for creating a
turn-based tile-based PyGame game and a couple of games, such as Z-Day and
Jelly . I will be using the materials and experiences from those projects in
the tutorial. Please bring your laptop with Python 2.7 and PyGame installed.
