content/posts/how_(not)_to_upgrade_a_platform_by_edward_schofield.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tEcZ8eDKAc"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/7tEcZ8eDKAc/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-08-07'
speakers: [Edward Schofield]
tags: []
---
Guido admitted in his PyCon 2014 keynote that he will never again conduct a language transition like that from Python 2 to Python 3. The vast majority of Python code written in 2014 is still a ``SyntaxError`` on the latest version of Python. Some people have been wondering: will Python 3 ever take off? 

We have done some data mining from PyPI to reveal what progress the community has made so far toward migrating the long tail of packages towards Python 3 and which packages are most critical in the dependency graph of unported packages. We extrapolate from current growth rates about when (if ever) Python 3 support will reach a tipping point after which more new code will be written in Python 3 than Python 2.

We then share our perspective on mistakes made in the Python 3 transition and lessons that we can all learn from. The lessons apply to migrating any interface -- a language, a codebase, or a web API.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/how_(not)_to_upgrade_a_platform_by_edward_schofield.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tEcZ8eDKAc"'
Speakers: [Edward Schofield]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/7tEcZ8eDKAc/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"How (not) to upgrade a platform by Edward Schofield"'
date: '2014-08-07'
---
Guido admitted in his PyCon 2014 keynote that he will never again conduct a language transition like that from Python 2 to Python 3. The vast majority of Python code written in 2014 is still a ``SyntaxError`` on the latest version of Python. Some people have been wondering: will Python 3 ever take off? 

We have done some data mining from PyPI to reveal what progress the community has made so far toward migrating the long tail of packages towards Python 3 and which packages are most critical in the dependency graph of unported packages. We extrapolate from current growth rates about when (if ever) Python 3 support will reach a tipping point after which more new code will be written in Python 3 than Python 2.

We then share our perspective on mistakes made in the Python 3 transition and lessons that we can all learn from. The lessons apply to migrating any interface -- a language, a codebase, or a web API.
