content/posts/how_and_why_python_is_being_used_to_by_the_military_to_model_realworld_battlefield_scenarios_(#13).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/318_how-and-why-python-is-being-used-to-by-the-military-to-model-real-world-battlefield-scenarios-13.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010HowAndWhyPythonIsBeingUsedToByTheMilitaryTo898.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: []
tags: [casestudy, pycon, pycon2010]
---
How and why Python is being used by the Military to model real-world
battlefield scenarios

  
Mr. Eric Silverman (ALATEC Inc. / US Army)

  
Leveraging the power of Python, military analyst and software developers out
at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico have converted a closed-form model,
which was developed for scripted Cold War scenarios, into a more sophisticated
and adaptive system. COMBATXXI is a premium wargaming model, which now is
poised to answer questions that have a direct effect on military operations
currently in theater, in large part because of Python.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: High pitched noise on audio]

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/how_and_why_python_is_being_used_to_by_the_military_to_model_realworld_battlefield_scenarios_(#13).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/318_how-and-why-python-is-being-used-to-by-the-military-to-model-real-world-battlefield-scenarios-13.m4v
Speakers: []
Tags: [casestudy, pycon, pycon2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010HowAndWhyPythonIsBeingUsedToByTheMilitaryTo898.png'
Title: '"How and why Python is being used to by the Military to model real-world battlefield
  scenarios (#13)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
How and why Python is being used by the Military to model real-world
battlefield scenarios

  
Mr. Eric Silverman (ALATEC Inc. / US Army)

  
Leveraging the power of Python, military analyst and software developers out
at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico have converted a closed-form model,
which was developed for scripted Cold War scenarios, into a more sophisticated
and adaptive system. COMBATXXI is a premium wargaming model, which now is
poised to answer questions that have a direct effect on military operations
currently in theater, in large part because of Python.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: High pitched noise on audio]
