content/posts/how_to_integrate_python_into_a_scala_stack_to_build_realtime_predictive_models.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon APAC 2014'
Copyright: 'youtube'
Language: 'Chinese'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFoPCxpQaxc"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/eFoPCxpQaxc/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-06-27'
speakers: [Jerry Chou]
tags: []
---
Fliptop's primary business used to be contact record linkage. We built-out some substantial infrastructure, coding primarily in Scala, and using JVM-stack libraries. In the past year, we've moved beyond our data business into building predictive analytics applications for Sales and Marketing teams, so it was necessary to build a data science/machine learning stack. While there's plenty of machine-learning tools for the JVM, we felt that the Python ecosystem had many advantages for our use-case (which we'll discuss), and we think we integrated them in a clever way.


About the speaker


I'm a data scientist and software engineer. Languages of choice are Scala and Python. I have been working with AWS for production for over three years. My interest is in building data analytics applications with cloud computing technologies.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/how_to_integrate_python_into_a_scala_stack_to_build_realtime_predictive_models.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon APAC 2014'
Copyright: 'youtube'
Language: 'Chinese'
SourceUrl: '"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFoPCxpQaxc"'
Speakers: [Jerry Chou]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/eFoPCxpQaxc/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"How to integrate Python into a Scala stack to build realtime predictive models"'
date: '2014-06-27'
---
Fliptop's primary business used to be contact record linkage. We built-out some substantial infrastructure, coding primarily in Scala, and using JVM-stack libraries. In the past year, we've moved beyond our data business into building predictive analytics applications for Sales and Marketing teams, so it was necessary to build a data science/machine learning stack. While there's plenty of machine-learning tools for the JVM, we felt that the Python ecosystem had many advantages for our use-case (which we'll discuss), and we think we integrated them in a clever way.


About the speaker


I'm a data scientist and software engineer. Languages of choice are Scala and Python. I have been working with AWS for production for over three years. My interest is in building data analytics applications with cloud computing technologies.
