content/posts/http_in_python_which_library_for_what_task.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/439_http-in-python-which-library-for-what-task.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011HTTPInPythonWhichLibraryForWhatTask758.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Augie Fackler]
tags: [httplib, pycon, pycon2011, pycurl, urllib]
---
HTTP in Python: which library for what task?

Presented by Augie Fackler

HTTP is the lingua franca of the web, and many things done in Python depend on
it, yet HTTP in Python isn't always as good as one would expect. It's well
worth knowing the options and tradeoffs available.

Abstract

HTTP in Python is very much a mixed bag of available technology. What's
implemented mostly works well, but there are some frustrating gaps in
different libraries that are poorly documented. I've gone wading through every
HTTP library I can find for Python while trying to fix an obscure bug in
Mercurial and decided to write my own. I'll cover what's available today and
why I'm starting from scratch with a completely new implementation.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/http_in_python_which_library_for_what_task.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/439_http-in-python-which-library-for-what-task.mp4
Speakers: [Augie Fackler]
Tags: [httplib, pycon, pycon2011, pycurl, urllib]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011HTTPInPythonWhichLibraryForWhatTask758.png'
Title: '"HTTP in Python: which library for what task?"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
HTTP in Python: which library for what task?

Presented by Augie Fackler

HTTP is the lingua franca of the web, and many things done in Python depend on
it, yet HTTP in Python isn't always as good as one would expect. It's well
worth knowing the options and tradeoffs available.

Abstract

HTTP in Python is very much a mixed bag of available technology. What's
implemented mostly works well, but there are some frustrating gaps in
different libraries that are poorly documented. I've gone wading through every
HTTP library I can find for Python while trying to fix an obscure bug in
Mercurial and decided to write my own. I'll cover what's available today and
why I'm starting from scratch with a completely new implementation.
