content/posts/human_as_a_second_language_succeeding_with_the_natural_language_toolkit.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GynvZHDdUgA"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/GynvZHDdUgA/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-08-21'
speakers: [Elyse Maria Glina]
tags: [nltk]
---
The Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK) suite offers powerful tools for natural
language processing and analysis. Like many other code libraries, it enables
programmers to achieve results when working with data they may not be an
expert in the handling of - in this case, human language. The NLTK is
particularly valuable as human language skills are in general something
programmers can get along without, and therefore they are likely to be ill-
equipped with the tools to most effectively work with language data. However,
while NLTK provides programmers with a way to work with all the relevant parts
of language without needing to rely on their own grammar skills, there are
many concepts in the field of natural language processing that require basic
comprehension of natural language operation, which may make knowing where to
start working with the NLTK difficult for the average programmer.

This presentation will demonstrate some of the NLTK's powerful and impressive
features, while covering the concepts that will enable any programmer to work
cool tricks on natural language. The application of the NLTK to a very basic
artificial intelligence will be shown.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/human_as_a_second_language_succeeding_with_the_natural_language_toolkit.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GynvZHDdUgA"'
Speakers: [Elyse Maria Glina]
Tags: [nltk]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/GynvZHDdUgA/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Human as a Second Language: Succeeding with the Natural Language Toolkit"'
date: '2012-08-21'
---
The Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK) suite offers powerful tools for natural
language processing and analysis. Like many other code libraries, it enables
programmers to achieve results when working with data they may not be an
expert in the handling of - in this case, human language. The NLTK is
particularly valuable as human language skills are in general something
programmers can get along without, and therefore they are likely to be ill-
equipped with the tools to most effectively work with language data. However,
while NLTK provides programmers with a way to work with all the relevant parts
of language without needing to rely on their own grammar skills, there are
many concepts in the field of natural language processing that require basic
comprehension of natural language operation, which may make knowing where to
start working with the NLTK difficult for the average programmer.

This presentation will demonstrate some of the NLTK's powerful and impressive
features, while covering the concepts that will enable any programmer to work
cool tricks on natural language. The application of the NLTK to a very basic
artificial intelligence will be shown.
