content/posts/interoperability_from_python_to_clojure_and_the_other_way_round.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYhLqo4Mqbc"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/jYhLqo4Mqbc/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-13'
speakers: [Enrico Franchi]
tags: [java, jvm, jython, memory]
---
Clojure is a modern Lisp dialect symbiotic with the Java Virtual Machine and
designed for concurrency. Clojure is compiled to byte-code and yet is fully
dynamic. It is very oriented towards functional programming and manages state
change in a controlled environment with software transactional memory (STM).
Since Clojure is a Lisp dialect, it retains the code-as-data philosophy and
has a powerful macro system

Using the Jython, an implementation of the Python programming language written
in Java, it is possible to call Clojure from Python and call Python from
Clojure, using the JVM as an interoperability platform.

After a brief introduction of the main Clojure features, the presentation will
show how Jython and Clojure can be used together.

No previous knowledge of Clojure (or Lisp) is assumed nor required.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/interoperability_from_python_to_clojure_and_the_other_way_round.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYhLqo4Mqbc"'
Speakers: [Enrico Franchi]
Tags: [java, jvm, jython, memory]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/jYhLqo4Mqbc/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Interoperability: from Python to Clojure and the other way round"'
date: '2011-07-13'
---
Clojure is a modern Lisp dialect symbiotic with the Java Virtual Machine and
designed for concurrency. Clojure is compiled to byte-code and yet is fully
dynamic. It is very oriented towards functional programming and manages state
change in a controlled environment with software transactional memory (STM).
Since Clojure is a Lisp dialect, it retains the code-as-data philosophy and
has a powerful macro system

Using the Jython, an implementation of the Python programming language written
in Java, it is possible to call Clojure from Python and call Python from
Clojure, using the JVM as an interoperability platform.

After a brief introduction of the main Clojure features, the presentation will
show how Jython and Clojure can be used together.

No previous knowledge of Clojure (or Lisp) is assumed nor required.
