content/posts/ipython_as_a_tool_for_teaching_and_learning.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning.thumbs/3%20B%20Ipython%20as%20a%20tool%20for%20teaching%20and%20learning-_000090.jpg'
date: '2014-10-02'
speakers: [Laura Richter]
tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
---
The ipython environment lends itself to teaching and learning: immediate feedback, flexible visualisation, easy access to docstrings and ability to explore modules.
With development of the ipython notebook, this is taken a step further, by providing browser-based access to an ipython environment with the ability to share notebooks with others, embed output products and annotate code.
I will present some experience of using ipython as a teaching tool in a tertiary teaching environment in Radio Astronomy courses in Windhoek, Nairobi and Cape Town.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/ipython_as_a_tool_for_teaching_and_learning.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning"'
Speakers: [Laura Richter]
Tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning/pyconza2014-ipython-for-teaching-and-learning.thumbs/3%20B%20Ipython%20as%20a%20tool%20for%20teaching%20and%20learning-_000090.jpg'
Title: '"IPython as a tool for teaching and learning"'
date: '2014-10-02'
---
The ipython environment lends itself to teaching and learning: immediate feedback, flexible visualisation, easy access to docstrings and ability to explore modules.
With development of the ipython notebook, this is taken a step further, by providing browser-based access to an ipython environment with the ability to share notebooks with others, embed output products and annotate code.
I will present some experience of using ipython as a teaching tool in a tertiary teaching environment in Radio Astronomy courses in Windhoek, Nairobi and Cape Town.
