content/posts/keynote_what_to_build._how_to_build_it.__python_can_help!.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzXWTrpCyCM"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/tzXWTrpCyCM/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-08-21'
speakers: [Mark Ramm]
tags: []
---
There’s been a lot of buzz about “Lean Startups,” “Customer Development,”
“Business Model Generation” and related topics lately. And there is a real
transformation in the way we design and build products at work behind all that
buzz.

But the fundamental principle behind all of them is applying scientific and
experimental methodologies to product design decision making. The tools of
Lean Startups are:

  * Data collection and analysis
  * Writing hypothesis and models
  * Creating experiments to test those models
  * Learning from those experiments, and refining/redesigning the model

Fortunately Python is a great tool for those looking to apply data science to
product design.

Python can help with everything from statistical analysis, to rapid
development of viable products, to the creation of complex models that can be
used to tweak the levers of growth, and it’s easy to combine these with off
the shelf tools that help you analyze traffic patterns and figure out what
product changes actually make a difference.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/keynote_what_to_build._how_to_build_it.__python_can_help!.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzXWTrpCyCM"'
Speakers: [Mark Ramm]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/tzXWTrpCyCM/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Keynote: What to build. How to build it.  Python can help!"'
date: '2012-08-21'
---
There’s been a lot of buzz about “Lean Startups,” “Customer Development,”
“Business Model Generation” and related topics lately. And there is a real
transformation in the way we design and build products at work behind all that
buzz.

But the fundamental principle behind all of them is applying scientific and
experimental methodologies to product design decision making. The tools of
Lean Startups are:

  * Data collection and analysis
  * Writing hypothesis and models
  * Creating experiments to test those models
  * Learning from those experiments, and refining/redesigning the model

Fortunately Python is a great tool for those looking to apply data science to
product design.

Python can help with everything from statistical analysis, to rapid
development of viable products, to the creation of complex models that can be
used to tweak the levers of growth, and it’s easy to combine these with off
the shelf tools that help you analyze traffic patterns and figure out what
product changes actually make a difference.
