content/posts/non_sequitur_an_exploration_of_python's_random_module.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQg4GC-TFG8"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/cQg4GC-TFG8/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-07-24'
speakers: [Jair Trejo]
tags: []
---
# Audience
Non mathematical people who wants a better understanding of Python's random module.

# Objectives
The audience will understand pseudorandom number generators, the properties of Python's Mersenne Twister and the differences and possible use cases between the distributions provided by the `random` module. 

# The talk
I will start by talking about what randomness means and then about how we try to achieve it in computing through pseudorandom number generators (5 min.)

I will give a brief overview of pseudorandom number generation techniques, show how their quality can be assessed and finally talk about Python's Mersenne Twister and why it is a fairly good choice. (10 min.)

Finally I will talk about how from randomness we can build generators with interesting probability distributions. I'll compare through visualizations thos provided in Python's `random` module and show examples of when they can be useful in real-life. (10 min.)

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/non_sequitur_an_exploration_of_python's_random_module.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQg4GC-TFG8"'
Speakers: [Jair Trejo]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/cQg4GC-TFG8/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Non Sequitur: An exploration of Python''s random module"'
date: '2014-07-24'
---
# Audience
Non mathematical people who wants a better understanding of Python's random module.

# Objectives
The audience will understand pseudorandom number generators, the properties of Python's Mersenne Twister and the differences and possible use cases between the distributions provided by the `random` module. 

# The talk
I will start by talking about what randomness means and then about how we try to achieve it in computing through pseudorandom number generators (5 min.)

I will give a brief overview of pseudorandom number generation techniques, show how their quality can be assessed and finally talk about Python's Mersenne Twister and why it is a fairly good choice. (10 min.)

Finally I will talk about how from randomness we can build generators with interesting probability distributions. I'll compare through visualizations thos provided in Python's `random` module and show examples of when they can be useful in real-life. (10 min.)
