content/posts/path_dependent_development_why_on_earth_are_you_using_sql_alchemy_as_a_json_validator.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYw2K0_ZZ0w"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/PYw2K0_ZZ0w/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-08-22'
speakers: [Nick Coghlan]
tags: [pulpdist]
---
The PulpDist project uses SQL Alchemy as part of a custom JSON validator. This
could be seen as an unusual choice, so it's worth exploring the way this
approach came to be adopted.

Practicing iterative development means coping with the inevitable tension
between "doing the simplest thing that could possibly work" to meet immediate
project requirements and avoiding "reinventing the wheel" in order to take
full advantage of existing software components.

This means that iterative software designs are inevitably path dependent:
decisions made in early iterations can shape later aspects of a project in
unexpected ways. These early influences may even predate the project itself,
instead being a consequence of wider organisational policies and the personal
preferences and abilities of key developers.

Understanding some of these factors can help with understanding why:

  * "good enough" is usually a better target than "perfect"
  * "Not Invented Here" syndrome is not always the villain it is frequently made out to be
  * the need to extensively rewrite existing components is not always a sign of past failure

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/path_dependent_development_why_on_earth_are_you_using_sql_alchemy_as_a_json_validator.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYw2K0_ZZ0w"'
Speakers: [Nick Coghlan]
Tags: [pulpdist]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/PYw2K0_ZZ0w/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Path Dependent Development: Why on Earth are you using SQL Alchemy as a JSON
  validator?"'
date: '2012-08-22'
---
The PulpDist project uses SQL Alchemy as part of a custom JSON validator. This
could be seen as an unusual choice, so it's worth exploring the way this
approach came to be adopted.

Practicing iterative development means coping with the inevitable tension
between "doing the simplest thing that could possibly work" to meet immediate
project requirements and avoiding "reinventing the wheel" in order to take
full advantage of existing software components.

This means that iterative software designs are inevitably path dependent:
decisions made in early iterations can shape later aspects of a project in
unexpected ways. These early influences may even predate the project itself,
instead being a consequence of wider organisational policies and the personal
preferences and abilities of key developers.

Understanding some of these factors can help with understanding why:

  * "good enough" is usually a better target than "perfect"
  * "Not Invented Here" syndrome is not always the villain it is frequently made out to be
  * the need to extensively rewrite existing components is not always a sign of past failure
