content/posts/pay_only_for_what_you_eat_a_tour_of_the_repoze.bfg_repository_and_philosophy_(#174).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/295_pay-only-for-what-you-eat-a-tour-of-the-repoze-bfg-repository-and-philosophy-174.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010PayOnlyForWhatYouEatATourOfTheRepozeBFGRepo556.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: [Carlos de la Guardia]
tags: [pycon, pycon2010, repoze.bfg, wsgi]
---
Pay only for what you eat: A tour of the Repoze.BFG repository and philosophy

  
Presented by Carlos de la Guardia

  
BFG is a Python web application framework based on WSGI. It is a "pay only for
what you eat" framework. Meaning that you can get started easily and learn new
concepts as you go, and only if you need them. It's simple, well tested, well
documented, and fast. It also tries to make development fun.

  
This talk will introduce the framework and its philosophy, including
similarities and differences with other frameworks. I will then show some of
the software available in its repository and discuss the inclusive, loose
connection approach that the BFG community prefers for creating a flexible web
development platform.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pay_only_for_what_you_eat_a_tour_of_the_repoze.bfg_repository_and_philosophy_(#174).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/295_pay-only-for-what-you-eat-a-tour-of-the-repoze-bfg-repository-and-philosophy-174.m4v
Speakers: [Carlos de la Guardia]
Tags: [pycon, pycon2010, repoze.bfg, wsgi]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010PayOnlyForWhatYouEatATourOfTheRepozeBFGRepo556.png'
Title: '"Pay only for what you eat: A tour of the Repoze.BFG repository and philosophy
  (#174)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
Pay only for what you eat: A tour of the Repoze.BFG repository and philosophy

  
Presented by Carlos de la Guardia

  
BFG is a Python web application framework based on WSGI. It is a "pay only for
what you eat" framework. Meaning that you can get started easily and learn new
concepts as you go, and only if you need them. It's simple, well tested, well
documented, and fast. It also tries to make development fun.

  
This talk will introduce the framework and its philosophy, including
similarities and differences with other frameworks. I will then show some of
the software available in its repository and discuss the inclusive, loose
connection approach that the BFG community prefers for creating a flexible web
development platform.
