content/posts/polyominoes__an_exploration_in_problem_solving_with_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2013'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXQW3MCOECU"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/HXQW3MCOECU/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2013-09-12'
speakers: [Hamish Campbell]
tags: []
---
@ Kiwi PyCon 2013 - Saturday, 07 Sep 2013 - Track 2

**Audience level**

Intermediate

**Abstract**

A "Polyomino" is a geometric figure of adjacent squares. But just how many "n" polyominos are there?

This question has been one of our favourite interview questions. It's a deceptively simple problem with opportunities for innovative solutions and disastrous missteps. In this talk, we'll discuss the benefits of a number of approaches, demonstrate a few common pitfalls and challenge the audience to provide their own solutions, with prizes on offer at the end of the conference.

This is a talk for everyone: beginners will be introduced to a problem that can be solved using primitives, experts will see opportunities to deploy advanced optimizations.

**Slides**

https://speakerdeck.com/nzpug/hamish-campbell-polyominoes-an-exploration-in-problem-solving-with-python

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/polyominoes__an_exploration_in_problem_solving_with_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2013'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXQW3MCOECU"'
Speakers: [Hamish Campbell]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/HXQW3MCOECU/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Polyominoes - An Exploration in Problem Solving with Python"'
date: '2013-09-12'
---
@ Kiwi PyCon 2013 - Saturday, 07 Sep 2013 - Track 2

**Audience level**

Intermediate

**Abstract**

A "Polyomino" is a geometric figure of adjacent squares. But just how many "n" polyominos are there?

This question has been one of our favourite interview questions. It's a deceptively simple problem with opportunities for innovative solutions and disastrous missteps. In this talk, we'll discuss the benefits of a number of approaches, demonstrate a few common pitfalls and challenge the audience to provide their own solutions, with prizes on offer at the end of the conference.

This is a talk for everyone: beginners will be introduced to a problem that can be solved using primitives, experts will see opportunities to deploy advanced optimizations.

**Slides**

https://speakerdeck.com/nzpug/hamish-campbell-polyominoes-an-exploration-in-problem-solving-with-python
