content/posts/precompiling_and_deploying_python_to_any_linux,_mac_os_x_or_freebsd_system.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKkuu_A6ZhQ"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/KKkuu_A6ZhQ/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-13'
speakers: ["P\xE9ter Szab\xF3"]
tags: [dependencies]
---
If a Python application has lots of dependencies and requires specific
versions of some of its dependencies, then users can easily get bored or
frustrated installing the application. To make the installation faster and
have less side effects, application authors can create bundles which contain
the application, all its dependencies and possibly the Python interpreter.
This talk presents a way of creating bundles using StaticPython, and compares
it to bb-freeze. StaticPython is a single-file statically linked version of
Python for 32-bit Linux (i386), containing all standard and some extra Python
modules and C extensions.

Link to [slides](http://pts-mini-gpl.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/staticpython/doc
/slides_2011-06-23/pts_staticpython_2011-06-23.html)

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/precompiling_and_deploying_python_to_any_linux,_mac_os_x_or_freebsd_system.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKkuu_A6ZhQ"'
Speakers: ["P\xE9ter Szab\xF3"]
Tags: [dependencies]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/KKkuu_A6ZhQ/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Precompiling and deploying Python to any Linux, Mac OS X or FreeBSD system"'
date: '2011-07-13'
---
If a Python application has lots of dependencies and requires specific
versions of some of its dependencies, then users can easily get bored or
frustrated installing the application. To make the installation faster and
have less side effects, application authors can create bundles which contain
the application, all its dependencies and possibly the Python interpreter.
This talk presents a way of creating bundles using StaticPython, and compares
it to bb-freeze. StaticPython is a single-file statically linked version of
Python for 32-bit Linux (i386), containing all standard and some extra Python
modules and C extensions.

Link to [slides](http://pts-mini-gpl.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/staticpython/doc
/slides_2011-06-23/pts_staticpython_2011-06-23.html)
