content/posts/pybots!_or_how_to_learn_to_stop_worrying_and_love_coding_by_anna_gerber.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3birX_l-YZ8"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/3birX_l-YZ8/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-08-09'
speakers: [Anna Gerber]
tags: []
---
In this talk, Anna will argue how physical computing — building interactive systems such as robots that sense and act upon, or respond to the physical world — provides an ideal application space for teaching and learning programming concepts and problem solving; that appeals to a diverse audience; and that can provide a positive introduction to the world of open source software and hardware.

Drawing on her experiences teaching introductory programming with Arduino-based robots, Anna will step through a tutorial demonstrating how to develop a mobile PyBot - a robot programmed using Python and the Firmata protocol, and will provide tips to help you or the apprentice coders in your life to take the first steps towards a lifetime of loving to code.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pybots!_or_how_to_learn_to_stop_worrying_and_love_coding_by_anna_gerber.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3birX_l-YZ8"'
Speakers: [Anna Gerber]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/3birX_l-YZ8/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"PyBots! or how to learn to stop worrying and love coding by Anna Gerber"'
date: '2014-08-09'
---
In this talk, Anna will argue how physical computing — building interactive systems such as robots that sense and act upon, or respond to the physical world — provides an ideal application space for teaching and learning programming concepts and problem solving; that appeals to a diverse audience; and that can provide a positive introduction to the world of open source software and hardware.

Drawing on her experiences teaching introductory programming with Arduino-based robots, Anna will step through a tutorial demonstrating how to develop a mobile PyBot - a robot programmed using Python and the Firmata protocol, and will provide tips to help you or the apprentice coders in your life to take the first steps towards a lifetime of loving to code.
