content/posts/pycon_2009_introduction_to_turbogears2_and_wsgi_(part_2_of_2).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/171_pycon-2009-introduction-to-turbogears2-and-wsgi-part-2-of-2.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-IntroductionToTurboGears2WSGIPart002136-550.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [pycon, pycon2009, turbogears, tutorial, wsgi]
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: annoying noise starting at 1:17 (2nd half)] Are you
interested in building web applications with modern libraries and tools? Do
you want to build on top of the work that many others have done? Have you done
some basic web development, but want to be more productive. If so this is the
class for you. TurboGears 2 provides a well defined set of the best libraries
for web development python has to offer. But more importantly it brings them
together in a clean, well documented way that allows for developing reusable
TurboGears 2 components. The result is a powerful, flexible, set of tools that
helps make it easy to build dynamic web applications.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_introduction_to_turbogears2_and_wsgi_(part_2_of_2).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/171_pycon-2009-introduction-to-turbogears2-and-wsgi-part-2-of-2.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [pycon, pycon2009, turbogears, tutorial, wsgi]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-IntroductionToTurboGears2WSGIPart002136-550.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Introduction to TurboGears2 and WSGI (Part 2 of 2)"'
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: annoying noise starting at 1:17 (2nd half)] Are you
interested in building web applications with modern libraries and tools? Do
you want to build on top of the work that many others have done? Have you done
some basic web development, but want to be more productive. If so this is the
class for you. TurboGears 2 provides a well defined set of the best libraries
for web development python has to offer. But more importantly it brings them
together in a clean, well documented way that allows for developing reusable
TurboGears 2 components. The result is a powerful, flexible, set of tools that
helps make it easy to build dynamic web applications.
