content/posts/pycon_2009_eggs_and_buildout_deployment_in_python_(part_1_of_3).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/151_pycon-2009-eggs-and-buildout-deployment-in-python-part-1-of-3.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-EggsAndBuildoutDeploymentInPythonPart001587-862.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [cheeseshop, eggs, pycon, pycon2009, virtualenv, zc.buildout]
---
  
Puzzled about Python eggs and packages? Wondering how to repeatably pull
together collections of packages into standalone development, testing and
deployment environments, all while managing inter-dependencies? In this
participatory tutorial, we'll start with distutils, walk through using eggs in
the cheeseshop and creating your own eggs, touch a bit on using virtualenv to
set up a development environment, and then dig into using zc.buildout to
rigorously control assembly specifications, with build recipes, versioning and
dependency management. We'll close by showing how to create your own recipes.
Attendees are strongly encouraged to bring a laptop or partner with someone
who does.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_eggs_and_buildout_deployment_in_python_(part_1_of_3).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/151_pycon-2009-eggs-and-buildout-deployment-in-python-part-1-of-3.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [cheeseshop, eggs, pycon, pycon2009, virtualenv, zc.buildout]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-EggsAndBuildoutDeploymentInPythonPart001587-862.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Eggs and Buildout Deployment in Python (Part 1 of 3)"'
---
  
Puzzled about Python eggs and packages? Wondering how to repeatably pull
together collections of packages into standalone development, testing and
deployment environments, all while managing inter-dependencies? In this
participatory tutorial, we'll start with distutils, walk through using eggs in
the cheeseshop and creating your own eggs, touch a bit on using virtualenv to
set up a development environment, and then dig into using zc.buildout to
rigorously control assembly specifications, with build recipes, versioning and
dependency management. We'll close by showing how to create your own recipes.
Attendees are strongly encouraged to bring a laptop or partner with someone
who does.
