content/posts/pycon_2009_scrape_the_web_strategies_for_programming_websites_that_don't_expect_it_(part_1_of_3).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/166_pycon-2009-scrape-the-web-strategies-for-programming-websites-that-don-t-expect-it-part-1-of-3.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-ScrapeTheWebStrategiesForProgrammingWebsitesThatDontExp472-193.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [pycon, pycon2009, scraping]
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Speaker walked away from the mic most of the time.] Do you
find yourself faced with websites that have data you need to extract? Would
your life be simpler if you could programmatically input data into web
applications, even those tuned to resist interaction by bots? We'll discuss
the basics of web scraping, and then dive into the details of different
methods and where they are most applicable. You'll leave with an understanding
of when to apply different tools, and learn about a "heavy hammer" for screen
scraping that I picked up at a project for the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Atendees should bring a laptop, if possible, to try the examples we discuss
and optionally take notes.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_scrape_the_web_strategies_for_programming_websites_that_don't_expect_it_(part_1_of_3).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/166_pycon-2009-scrape-the-web-strategies-for-programming-websites-that-don-t-expect-it-part-1-of-3.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [pycon, pycon2009, scraping]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-ScrapeTheWebStrategiesForProgrammingWebsitesThatDontExp472-193.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Scrape the Web: Strategies for programming websites that don''t
  expect it (Part 1 of 3)"'
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Speaker walked away from the mic most of the time.] Do you
find yourself faced with websites that have data you need to extract? Would
your life be simpler if you could programmatically input data into web
applications, even those tuned to resist interaction by bots? We'll discuss
the basics of web scraping, and then dive into the details of different
methods and where they are most applicable. You'll leave with an understanding
of when to apply different tools, and learn about a "heavy hammer" for screen
scraping that I picked up at a project for the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Atendees should bring a laptop, if possible, to try the examples we discuss
and optionally take notes.
