content/posts/pycon_2009_introduction_to_functional_web_testing_with_twill_and_selenium_(part_1_of_2).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/176_pycon-2009-introduction-to-functional-web-testing-with-twill-and-selenium-part-1-of-2.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-IntroductionToFunctionalWebTestingWithTwillSeleniumPart789-569.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [pycon, pycon2009, selenium, twill]
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: ] This tutorial aims to educate attendees on the the basics
of functional testing of web applications. Is your app rendered as plain HTML?
Great! We'll show you how to build a test suite for it. Is your app all AJAXy?
No problem! We can do that too! We're going to write a web application, first
in straight html and then with AJAX, and show you how to try to break it. At
the end of this hands-on session, you'll be able to write tests for almost any
web site, using all open-source tools and our favorite language - Python.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_introduction_to_functional_web_testing_with_twill_and_selenium_(part_1_of_2).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/176_pycon-2009-introduction-to-functional-web-testing-with-twill-and-selenium-part-1-of-2.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [pycon, pycon2009, selenium, twill]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-IntroductionToFunctionalWebTestingWithTwillSeleniumPart789-569.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Introduction to Functional Web Testing With Twill and Selenium
  (Part 1 of 2)"'
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: ] This tutorial aims to educate attendees on the the basics
of functional testing of web applications. Is your app rendered as plain HTML?
Great! We'll show you how to build a test suite for it. Is your app all AJAXy?
No problem! We can do that too! We're going to write a web application, first
in straight html and then with AJAX, and show you how to try to break it. At
the end of this hands-on session, you'll be able to write tests for almost any
web site, using all open-source tools and our favorite language - Python.
