content/posts/pycon_2009_a_whirlwind_excursion_through_writing_a_c_extension_(#68).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/230_pycon-2009-a-whirlwind-excursion-through-writing-a-c-extension-68.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-AWhirlwindExcursionThroughWritingACExtension305-36.jpg'
speakers: [Ned Batchelder]
tags: [extensions, pycon, pycon2009, python-advanced]
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Ambient mic used, some echoing] Everyone's heard of C
extensions to Python, but few have ventured into those murky depths. This is a
quick overview of how to write a C extension, complete with highlights of the
C API, memory management, error handling, and type creation. Whether you want
to speed up your Python, integrate with legacy code, contribute to Python's
core, or just learn a little about how it all works under the covers, you will
enjoy this trip through unfamiliar territory. I guarantee you will return
safely.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_a_whirlwind_excursion_through_writing_a_c_extension_(#68).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/230_pycon-2009-a-whirlwind-excursion-through-writing-a-c-extension-68.mp4
Speakers: [Ned Batchelder]
Tags: [extensions, pycon, pycon2009, python-advanced]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-AWhirlwindExcursionThroughWritingACExtension305-36.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: A Whirlwind Excursion through Writing a C Extension (#68)"'
---
  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: Ambient mic used, some echoing] Everyone's heard of C
extensions to Python, but few have ventured into those murky depths. This is a
quick overview of how to write a C extension, complete with highlights of the
C API, memory management, error handling, and type creation. Whether you want
to speed up your Python, integrate with legacy code, contribute to Python's
core, or just learn a little about how it all works under the covers, you will
enjoy this trip through unfamiliar territory. I guarantee you will return
safely.
