content/posts/pycon_2009_a_curious_course_on_coroutines_and_concurrency_(part_2_of_3).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/215_pycon-2009-a-curious-course-on-coroutines-and-concurrency-part-2-of-3.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-ACuriousCourseOnCoroutinesAndConcurrencyPart002433-523.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [concurrency, coroutines, generator, pycon, pycon2009, python-advanced]
---
A Curious Course on Coroutines and Concurrency (part 2 of 3)

  
Presented at PyCon 2009 by David Beazley

  
If you are a programmer who cares about Python and concurrency, then you
should also care about Python coroutines. Although they were first introduced
in Python 2.5, coroutines remain one of Python's most overlooked features---
often vaguely described as a curious "extension" of generator functions with
little insight as to how they might be applied to real-world problems. This
tutorial examines coroutines in a more practical light by showing how they are
actually a very elegant way to implement a processing "task." Using this task
abstraction, it is possible to use coroutines to implement processing
pipelines, event handling systems, and programs based on cooperative
multitasking. Moreover, if you define tasks using coroutines, they can be
easily incorporated into more traditional concurrent programs that utilize
threads or message passing.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: bit of clipping start to finish.]

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_a_curious_course_on_coroutines_and_concurrency_(part_2_of_3).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/215_pycon-2009-a-curious-course-on-coroutines-and-concurrency-part-2-of-3.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [concurrency, coroutines, generator, pycon, pycon2009, python-advanced]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-ACuriousCourseOnCoroutinesAndConcurrencyPart002433-523.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: A Curious Course on Coroutines and Concurrency (Part 2 of 3)"'
---
A Curious Course on Coroutines and Concurrency (part 2 of 3)

  
Presented at PyCon 2009 by David Beazley

  
If you are a programmer who cares about Python and concurrency, then you
should also care about Python coroutines. Although they were first introduced
in Python 2.5, coroutines remain one of Python's most overlooked features---
often vaguely described as a curious "extension" of generator functions with
little insight as to how they might be applied to real-world problems. This
tutorial examines coroutines in a more practical light by showing how they are
actually a very elegant way to implement a processing "task." Using this task
abstraction, it is possible to use coroutines to implement processing
pipelines, event handling systems, and programs based on cooperative
multitasking. Moreover, if you define tasks using coroutines, they can be
easily incorporated into more traditional concurrent programs that utilize
threads or message passing.

  
[VIDEO HAS ISSUES: bit of clipping start to finish.]
