content/posts/pyconau_2010_fast_engineering_computation_in_with_boostpython_and_numarray.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-au-2010/479_pyconau-2010-fast-engineering-computation-in-with-boost-python-and-numarray.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pyconau-FastEngineeringComputationInWithBoostPythonAndNumarray677.png'
speakers: [Filip Zalio]
tags: [casestudy, pyconau, pyconau2010]
---
Fast Engineering Computation in with Boost::Python and Numarray

Presented by Filip Zalio (NEC Australia)

In the 3G Mobile Research and Development Division in NEC Australia
(www.nec.com.au) we have been using Python based environment since 2005. We
run digital signal processing simulations of 3G and 4G mobile phone radio
links. Our simulations are CPU-bound, where efficient and fast interfacing
between C++ and Python is one of the keys to the growing success of Python
within NEC. In this short presentation, we describe our current framework
which achieves the fast processing.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pyconau_2010_fast_engineering_computation_in_with_boostpython_and_numarray.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-au-2010/479_pyconau-2010-fast-engineering-computation-in-with-boost-python-and-numarray.flv
Speakers: [Filip Zalio]
Tags: [casestudy, pyconau, pyconau2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pyconau-FastEngineeringComputationInWithBoostPythonAndNumarray677.png'
Title: '"PyConAU 2010: Fast Engineering Computation in with Boost::Python and Numarray"'
---
Fast Engineering Computation in with Boost::Python and Numarray

Presented by Filip Zalio (NEC Australia)

In the 3G Mobile Research and Development Division in NEC Australia
(www.nec.com.au) we have been using Python based environment since 2005. We
run digital signal processing simulations of 3G and 4G mobile phone radio
links. Our simulations are CPU-bound, where efficient and fast interfacing
between C++ and Python is one of the keys to the growing success of Python
within NEC. In this short presentation, we describe our current framework
which achieves the fast processing.
