content/posts/pycon_2009_building_realtime_network_applications_for_the_web_with_twisted_and_orbited_(part_1_of_3).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/173_pycon-2009-building-real-time-network-applications-for-the-web-with-twisted-and-orbited-part-1-of-3.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-BuildingRealtimeNetworkApplicationsForTheWebWithTwisted226-383.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [network, orbited, pycon, pycon2009, realtime, twisted]
---
  
Haven't you always wanted to create a massively multiplayer, real-time game
for the browser? Or perhaps add chat to your website, or maybe write a real-
time financial application, collaborative text editor, or network health
monitoring app, all in the browser. Forget web frameworks; Orbited.TCPSocket
lets you communicate directly from a browser to any network server, with any
protocol you want. By tutorial's end, every attendee will have built their own
real-time data monitoring application, or multiplayer game, from scratch using
Orbited, Twisted, and js.io.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_building_realtime_network_applications_for_the_web_with_twisted_and_orbited_(part_1_of_3).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/173_pycon-2009-building-real-time-network-applications-for-the-web-with-twisted-and-orbited-part-1-of-3.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [network, orbited, pycon, pycon2009, realtime, twisted]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-BuildingRealtimeNetworkApplicationsForTheWebWithTwisted226-383.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Building Real-time Network applications for the web with Twisted
  and Orbited (Part 1 of 3)"'
---
  
Haven't you always wanted to create a massively multiplayer, real-time game
for the browser? Or perhaps add chat to your website, or maybe write a real-
time financial application, collaborative text editor, or network health
monitoring app, all in the browser. Forget web frameworks; Orbited.TCPSocket
lets you communicate directly from a browser to any network server, with any
protocol you want. By tutorial's end, every attendee will have built their own
real-time data monitoring application, or multiplayer game, from scratch using
Orbited, Twisted, and js.io.
