content/posts/pycon_2009_data_storage_in_python__an_overview_of_options_(part_2_of_3).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/189_pycon-2009-data-storage-in-python-an-overview-of-options-part-2-of-3.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-DataStorageInPythonAnOverviewOfOptionsPart002214-260.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [bsddb, databases, excel, flatfile, hdf5, netcdf, pickle, pycon, pycon2009,
  serialization, zodb]
---
  
There are many possibilities in Python to store data. This tutorials explores
some of them: flat file, Excel files, NetCDF and HDF5, serialization with
pickle and friends, relational databases, bsddb and ZODB. The objective of
this course is to give the participants an overview over available options as
well as there advantages and disadvantages for different purposes.
Participants are strongly recommended to bring laptops because all topics are
introduced with examples and exercises.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_data_storage_in_python__an_overview_of_options_(part_2_of_3).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/189_pycon-2009-data-storage-in-python-an-overview-of-options-part-2-of-3.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [bsddb, databases, excel, flatfile, hdf5, netcdf, pickle, pycon, pycon2009,
  serialization, zodb]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-DataStorageInPythonAnOverviewOfOptionsPart002214-260.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Data Storage in Python - An Overview of Options (Part 2 of 3)"'
---
  
There are many possibilities in Python to store data. This tutorials explores
some of them: flat file, Excel files, NetCDF and HDF5, serialization with
pickle and friends, relational databases, bsddb and ZODB. The objective of
this course is to give the participants an overview over available options as
well as there advantages and disadvantages for different purposes.
Participants are strongly recommended to bring laptops because all topics are
introduced with examples and exercises.
