content/posts/pyconau_2010_keynote_mark_pesce;_&quot;how_not_to_be_seen&quot;.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-au-2010/483_pyconau-2010-keynote-mark-pesce-quot-how-not-to-be-seen-quot.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pyconau-KeynoteMarkPesceHowNotToBeSeen121-838.jpg'
speakers: [Mark Pesce]
tags: [keynote, pyconau, pyconau2010]
---
PyConAU 2010 KeyNote

Presented by Mark Pesce

Although Mark Pesce does know Python, he doesn't consider himself any sort of
expert so he won't be talking about Python, except to whinge that his friends
pick on him for choosing a language which uses whitespace as syntax. Try as he
might, he can't get his friends to see the logic of this - even though they
always pretty-print their own code, in whatever language they write. Go
figure. So, Mark will not be talking about that. What will Mark be talking
about? Well, um, err... (sound of shuffling papers) ...oh, yeah, here it is:
'Mark Pesce will be talking about stuff. And things. And how great it all is.
No, really. You'll see. Promise.' ? Mark is best-known as the co-inventor of
VRML, and as panelist/judge on ABC's "The New Inventors". The author of five
books and numerous articles, he has a monthly column in NETT magazine, is a
frequent contributor to ABC Unleashed, and is a sought-after commentator on
both radio and television. Since 2006, Pesce has held an Honorary Appointment
in the Digital Cultures Program at the University of Sydney.

[NOTES: ~10 secs lost audio at start]

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pyconau_2010_keynote_mark_pesce;_&quot;how_not_to_be_seen&quot;.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-au-2010/483_pyconau-2010-keynote-mark-pesce-quot-how-not-to-be-seen-quot.flv
Speakers: [Mark Pesce]
Tags: [keynote, pyconau, pyconau2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pyconau-KeynoteMarkPesceHowNotToBeSeen121-838.jpg'
Title: '"PyConAU 2010: Keynote: Mark Pesce; &quot;How Not To Be Seen&quot;"'
---
PyConAU 2010 KeyNote

Presented by Mark Pesce

Although Mark Pesce does know Python, he doesn't consider himself any sort of
expert so he won't be talking about Python, except to whinge that his friends
pick on him for choosing a language which uses whitespace as syntax. Try as he
might, he can't get his friends to see the logic of this - even though they
always pretty-print their own code, in whatever language they write. Go
figure. So, Mark will not be talking about that. What will Mark be talking
about? Well, um, err... (sound of shuffling papers) ...oh, yeah, here it is:
'Mark Pesce will be talking about stuff. And things. And how great it all is.
No, really. You'll see. Promise.' ? Mark is best-known as the co-inventor of
VRML, and as panelist/judge on ABC's "The New Inventors". The author of five
books and numerous articles, he has a monthly column in NETT magazine, is a
frequent contributor to ABC Unleashed, and is a sought-after commentator on
both radio and television. Since 2006, Pesce has held an Honorary Appointment
in the Digital Cultures Program at the University of Sydney.

[NOTES: ~10 secs lost audio at start]
