content/posts/pycon_2009_python_for_teachers_(and_teachers_of_teachers)_(part_1_of_2).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/201_pycon-2009-python-for-teachers-and-teachers-of-teachers-part-1-of-2.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PythonForTeachersAndTeachersOfTeachersPart001339-797.jpg'
speakers: []
tags: [pycon, pycon2009, teaching]
---
  
As a geek with Python kung fu, you have fun skills to share with others,
including those still in high school and seeking to master mathematical
concepts that will serve them for a life time. In taking this tutorial, you're
opening a communications channel between yourself, and other eager learners
hoping to partake more deeply of open source culture and the opportunities it
offers. We know from last year that many PyCon delegates are broadly
interested in education track. This proposal attempts to support this demand
by developing some publicly-accessible Python-related material that
demonstrates how object-oriented programming be learned by using them to
implement concepts from the mathematical domain. Learning can take place at
multiple levels: Python and object-oriented concepts. Mathematical concepts,
which will be demonstrated in ways readily accessible to anyone who
understands Python. Presentation of programming topics in the educational
environment. From this latter point of view the pair teaching format can be
considered experimental. Its success or otherwise will be determined largely
by group dynamics, and our goal is to make the outcome in and of itself
provide useful empirical data helpful to others planning workshops.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/pycon_2009_python_for_teachers_(and_teachers_of_teachers)_(part_1_of_2).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2009'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2009/201_pycon-2009-python-for-teachers-and-teachers-of-teachers-part-1-of-2.mp4
Speakers: []
Tags: [pycon, pycon2009, teaching]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PythonForTeachersAndTeachersOfTeachersPart001339-797.jpg'
Title: '"PyCon 2009: Python for Teachers (and Teachers of Teachers) (Part 1 of 2)"'
---
  
As a geek with Python kung fu, you have fun skills to share with others,
including those still in high school and seeking to master mathematical
concepts that will serve them for a life time. In taking this tutorial, you're
opening a communications channel between yourself, and other eager learners
hoping to partake more deeply of open source culture and the opportunities it
offers. We know from last year that many PyCon delegates are broadly
interested in education track. This proposal attempts to support this demand
by developing some publicly-accessible Python-related material that
demonstrates how object-oriented programming be learned by using them to
implement concepts from the mathematical domain. Learning can take place at
multiple levels: Python and object-oriented concepts. Mathematical concepts,
which will be demonstrated in ways readily accessible to anyone who
understands Python. Presentation of programming topics in the educational
environment. From this latter point of view the pair teaching format can be
considered experimental. Its success or otherwise will be determined largely
by group dynamics, and our goal is to make the outcome in and of itself
provide useful empirical data helpful to others planning workshops.
