content/posts/python_in_the_browser_(#71).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/340_python-in-the-browser-71.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010PythonInTheBrowser71716.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: [Jimmy Schementi]
tags: [pycon, pycon2010, silverlight]
---
Python in the Browser

  
Presented by Jimmy Schementi

  
You write your server code in Python because you want to. You write your
browser code in JavaScript because you have to. But with IronPython and
Silverlight, you can write your browser code in Python and leave JavaScript
behind. This talk provides an overview of Silverlight for Python developers,
including out of browser applications as well as the new â€œjust textâ€ model
where Python code is embedded directly in HTML pages. Even if you develop on
Linux or Mac, you can still take advantage of Silverlight in the browser

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/python_in_the_browser_(#71).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/340_python-in-the-browser-71.m4v
Speakers: [Jimmy Schementi]
Tags: [pycon, pycon2010, silverlight]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010PythonInTheBrowser71716.png'
Title: '"Python in the Browser (#71)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
Python in the Browser

  
Presented by Jimmy Schementi

  
You write your server code in Python because you want to. You write your
browser code in JavaScript because you have to. But with IronPython and
Silverlight, you can write your browser code in Python and leave JavaScript
behind. This talk provides an overview of Silverlight for Python developers,
including out of browser applications as well as the new â€œjust textâ€ model
where Python code is embedded directly in HTML pages. Even if you develop on
Linux or Mac, you can still take advantage of Silverlight in the browser
