content/posts/python__the_secret_sauce_in_the_open_cloud.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/372_python-the-secret-sauce-in-the-open-cloud.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011PythonTheSecretSauceInTheOpenCloud789.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Jason Huggins]
tags: [kvm, libvirt, openstack, pycon, pycon2011, virtualbox]
---
Python - The Secret Sauce in the Open Cloud

Presented by Jason Huggins

This talk will go into detail on current cloud computing technology,
specifically OpenStack and libvirt and how Python is the "secret sauce" that
powers the open cloud. We'll show how to bring up your own cloud "from
scratch", and explain why you would do such a thing.

Abstract

Covered topics:

  * How to use VirtualBox 
  * How to use kvm 
  * How to use libvirt with Python 
  * How to check out, build, and deploy OpenStack 
  * How to setup and maintain your own cloud 
  * Real world examples

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/python__the_secret_sauce_in_the_open_cloud.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/372_python-the-secret-sauce-in-the-open-cloud.mp4
Speakers: [Jason Huggins]
Tags: [kvm, libvirt, openstack, pycon, pycon2011, virtualbox]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011PythonTheSecretSauceInTheOpenCloud789.png'
Title: '"Python - The Secret Sauce in the Open Cloud"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
Python - The Secret Sauce in the Open Cloud

Presented by Jason Huggins

This talk will go into detail on current cloud computing technology,
specifically OpenStack and libvirt and how Python is the "secret sauce" that
powers the open cloud. We'll show how to bring up your own cloud "from
scratch", and explain why you would do such a thing.

Abstract

Covered topics:

  * How to use VirtualBox 
  * How to use kvm 
  * How to use libvirt with Python 
  * How to check out, build, and deploy OpenStack 
  * How to setup and maintain your own cloud 
  * Real world examples
