content/posts/python_3_the_next_generation_is_here_already.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/375_python-3-the-next-generation-is-here-already.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011Python3TheNextGenerationIsHereAlready624.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Wesley J. Chun]
tags: [2to3, pycon, pycon2011, python2, python3]
---
Python 3: the next generation is here already

Presented by wesley chun

This talk is about the evolution of Python. We will discuss Python 2 and
Python 3: what the compatibility issues are, what the main differences are,
and also talk about migration, Python 2.6/2.7, and other transition tools.

Abstract

Python is currently at a crossroads: Python 2 has taken it from a quiet word-
of-mouth language to primetime, with many companies around the world using it
and an ever-increasing global marketshare of the programming world. But now
comes Python 3, the first version of the language that is not backwards
compatible with previous releases.

What does this mean? Are all my Python programs going to break? Will I have to
rewrite everything? How much time do I have? When is Python 2 going to be
EOL'd? Is the language undergoing a complete rewrite and will I even recognize
it? What are the changes between Python 2 and 3 anyway? Also, the next
generation is already here, as Python 3 is over two years old now. What has
been ported so far, and what is its current status? Are migration plans or
transition tools available? If I want to start learning Python, should I do
Python 2 or Python 3? Are all Python 2 books obsolete?

We will attempt to answer all of these questions and more. Join us!

OUTLINE/TOPICS

  * Python 2 vs. Python 3 
  * Introduction to Python 3 
  * Backwards Compatibility 
  * Generational Changes 
  * Key Differences 
  * Role of Remaining Python 2.x releases 
  * Transition & Migration Plans & Tools 
  * Futures

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/python_3_the_next_generation_is_here_already.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/375_python-3-the-next-generation-is-here-already.mp4
Speakers: [Wesley J. Chun]
Tags: [2to3, pycon, pycon2011, python2, python3]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011Python3TheNextGenerationIsHereAlready624.png'
Title: '"Python 3: the next generation is here already"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
Python 3: the next generation is here already

Presented by wesley chun

This talk is about the evolution of Python. We will discuss Python 2 and
Python 3: what the compatibility issues are, what the main differences are,
and also talk about migration, Python 2.6/2.7, and other transition tools.

Abstract

Python is currently at a crossroads: Python 2 has taken it from a quiet word-
of-mouth language to primetime, with many companies around the world using it
and an ever-increasing global marketshare of the programming world. But now
comes Python 3, the first version of the language that is not backwards
compatible with previous releases.

What does this mean? Are all my Python programs going to break? Will I have to
rewrite everything? How much time do I have? When is Python 2 going to be
EOL'd? Is the language undergoing a complete rewrite and will I even recognize
it? What are the changes between Python 2 and 3 anyway? Also, the next
generation is already here, as Python 3 is over two years old now. What has
been ported so far, and what is its current status? Are migration plans or
transition tools available? If I want to start learning Python, should I do
Python 2 or Python 3? Are all Python 2 books obsolete?

We will attempt to answer all of these questions and more. Join us!

OUTLINE/TOPICS

  * Python 2 vs. Python 3 
  * Introduction to Python 3 
  * Backwards Compatibility 
  * Generational Changes 
  * Key Differences 
  * Role of Remaining Python 2.x releases 
  * Transition & Migration Plans & Tools 
  * Futures
