content/posts/python_for_scientific_and_high_performance_computing_(1_of_4).md, before:

---
Category: 'ChiPy'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/chipy/586_python-for-scientific-and-high-performance-computing-1-of-4.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/CarlFK-PythonForScientificAndHighPerformanceComputing1Of4136.png'
date: '2009-11-12'
speakers: []
tags: [chipy, numpy, scipy]
---
Python, a high-level portable multi-paradigm interpreted programming language
is becoming increasingly popular with the scientific and HPC communities due
to ease of use, large collection of modules, adaptability, and strong support
from vendors and community alike. This tutorial provides an introduction to
Python focused on HPC and scientific computing. Throughout, we provide
concrete examples, hands-on examples, and links to additional sources of
information. The result will be a clear sense of possibilities and best
practices using Python in HPC environments. We will cover several key
concepts: language basics, NumPy and SciPy, parallel programming, performance
issues, integrating C and Fortran, basic visualization, large production
codes, and finding resources. While it is impossible to address all libraries
and application domains, at the end participants should be able to write a
simple application making use of parallel programming techniques, visualize
the output, and know how to confidently proceed with future projects with
Python.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/python_for_scientific_and_high_performance_computing_(1_of_4).md, after:

---
Category: 'ChiPy'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/chipy/586_python-for-scientific-and-high-performance-computing-1-of-4.flv
Speakers: []
Tags: [chipy, numpy, scipy]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/CarlFK-PythonForScientificAndHighPerformanceComputing1Of4136.png'
Title: '"Python for Scientific and High Performance Computing (1 of 4)"'
date: '2009-11-12'
---
Python, a high-level portable multi-paradigm interpreted programming language
is becoming increasingly popular with the scientific and HPC communities due
to ease of use, large collection of modules, adaptability, and strong support
from vendors and community alike. This tutorial provides an introduction to
Python focused on HPC and scientific computing. Throughout, we provide
concrete examples, hands-on examples, and links to additional sources of
information. The result will be a clear sense of possibilities and best
practices using Python in HPC environments. We will cover several key
concepts: language basics, NumPy and SciPy, parallel programming, performance
issues, integrating C and Fortran, basic visualization, large production
codes, and finding resources. While it is impossible to address all libraries
and application domains, at the end participants should be able to write a
simple application making use of parallel programming techniques, visualize
the output, and know how to confidently proceed with future projects with
Python.
