content/posts/serious_business_python_is_not_just_for_engineering.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/444_serious-business-python-is-not-just-for-engineering.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011SeriousBusinessPythonIsNotJustForEngineering609.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Zach Steindler]
tags: [business, kpi, pycon, pycon2011]
---
Serious Business: Python is not just for Engineering

Presented by Zach Steindler

Building a great business is quite different from building a great product,
but by measuring Key Performance Indicators (things like cash flow, if users
keep coming back, etc.) you can make sure your business is on the right track.
In this talk I'll cover common KPI in the tech business and show you how we
automate collecting and presenting KPI at Olark.

Abstract

As a hacker-turned-founder, you quickly realize there's more to building a
great business than just building a great product. The easiest way to know
your business is on the right track is to measure Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs): things like cash flow, what parts of the product is used the most, if
your users keep coming back, if users are experiencing problems... and many,
many others. How are you supposed to keep track of it all without getting lost
in a sea of noise?

With Python, of course! In this talk I'll cover the most common KPIs
technology businesses track and show you how we used Python at Olark to
automatically collect and present KPIs to the team. This has made it much
easier to quickly answer business questions and help us know we're on the
right track.

So if you're a Python hacker who would like to learn more about how to
engineer a business, or if you're a business person who's just starting to
learn Python, come learn how Python isn't just for engineering.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/serious_business_python_is_not_just_for_engineering.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/444_serious-business-python-is-not-just-for-engineering.mp4
Speakers: [Zach Steindler]
Tags: [business, kpi, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011SeriousBusinessPythonIsNotJustForEngineering609.png'
Title: '"Serious Business: Python is not just for Engineering"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
Serious Business: Python is not just for Engineering

Presented by Zach Steindler

Building a great business is quite different from building a great product,
but by measuring Key Performance Indicators (things like cash flow, if users
keep coming back, etc.) you can make sure your business is on the right track.
In this talk I'll cover common KPI in the tech business and show you how we
automate collecting and presenting KPI at Olark.

Abstract

As a hacker-turned-founder, you quickly realize there's more to building a
great business than just building a great product. The easiest way to know
your business is on the right track is to measure Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs): things like cash flow, what parts of the product is used the most, if
your users keep coming back, if users are experiencing problems... and many,
many others. How are you supposed to keep track of it all without getting lost
in a sea of noise?

With Python, of course! In this talk I'll cover the most common KPIs
technology businesses track and show you how we used Python at Olark to
automatically collect and present KPIs to the team. This has made it much
easier to quickly answer business questions and help us know we're on the
right track.

So if you're a Python hacker who would like to learn more about how to
engineer a business, or if you're a business person who's just starting to
learn Python, come learn how Python isn't just for engineering.
