content/posts/so_you_want_to_make_a_payment_comparing_and_contrasting_django_payment_options.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZc5mETltzM"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/vZc5mETltzM/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-09-05'
speakers: [Joe Jasinski]
tags: [django, payments]
---
When developing eCommerce applications in Django, you will often be faced with
the choice of which payment API to use. It's not always clear which services
are available, which will fit your needs, and how to get started with them.
This talk aims to evaluate these payment options from a Django programmer's
perspective and provide you with background that may help you choose a payment
processor that fits your needs.

Topics will include:

  * High-level overview of how payments work. 
  * Overview of popular payment options: Google Checkout, Authorize.net, Payflow Payments, Braintree, Stripe, etc. 
  * Compare and contrast these payment gateway APIs 
    * compare ease of use
    * features 
    * price
  * General overview of payment gateway web interfaces 
  * Example Code snippets for payment processing
  * Useful Python/Django payment-related modules 
  * Q&A

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/so_you_want_to_make_a_payment_comparing_and_contrasting_django_payment_options.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZc5mETltzM"'
Speakers: [Joe Jasinski]
Tags: [django, payments]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/vZc5mETltzM/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"So You Want to Make a Payment: Comparing and contrasting Django payment options"'
date: '2012-09-05'
---
When developing eCommerce applications in Django, you will often be faced with
the choice of which payment API to use. It's not always clear which services
are available, which will fit your needs, and how to get started with them.
This talk aims to evaluate these payment options from a Django programmer's
perspective and provide you with background that may help you choose a payment
processor that fits your needs.

Topics will include:

  * High-level overview of how payments work. 
  * Overview of popular payment options: Google Checkout, Authorize.net, Payflow Payments, Braintree, Stripe, etc. 
  * Compare and contrast these payment gateway APIs 
    * compare ease of use
    * features 
    * price
  * General overview of payment gateway web interfaces 
  * Example Code snippets for payment processing
  * Useful Python/Django payment-related modules 
  * Q&A
