content/posts/so_you_want_to_be_a_core_developer.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/62_so-you-want-to-be-a-core-developer.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-SoYouWantToBeACoreDeveloper652-390.jpg'
speakers: [Dr. Russell Keith-Magee]
tags: [core, djangocon, djangocon2010]
---
So you want to be a core developer?

Presented by Russell Keith-Magee

The most important part of Django is its community of contributors -- without
contributors, Django would never improve. However, as a newcomer to Django,
the prospect of contributing may be somewhat daunting. This presentation will
show you how to make the transition from user to contributor -- what to do,
how to do it, and some guidelines on how to do the job well.

The aim of this presentation is to explain how we do things in the core, and
how to work with us to get the job done. It will cover dealing with Trac and
the triage lifecycle, how to find tickets to triage, other non-obvious ways to
contribute, and cover some basic design philosophies.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/so_you_want_to_be_a_core_developer.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/62_so-you-want-to-be-a-core-developer.flv
Speakers: [Dr. Russell Keith-Magee]
Tags: [core, djangocon, djangocon2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-SoYouWantToBeACoreDeveloper652-390.jpg'
Title: '"So you want to be a core developer?"'
---
So you want to be a core developer?

Presented by Russell Keith-Magee

The most important part of Django is its community of contributors -- without
contributors, Django would never improve. However, as a newcomer to Django,
the prospect of contributing may be somewhat daunting. This presentation will
show you how to make the transition from user to contributor -- what to do,
how to do it, and some guidelines on how to do the job well.

The aim of this presentation is to explain how we do things in the core, and
how to work with us to get the job done. It will cover dealing with Trac and
the triage lifecycle, how to find tickets to triage, other non-obvious ways to
contribute, and cover some basic design philosophies.
