content/posts/the_python_and_the_elephant_large_scale_natural_language_processing_with_nltk_and_dumbo_(#120).md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/335_the-python-and-the-elephant-large-scale-natural-language-processing-with-nltk-and-dumbo-120.m4v
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010ThePythonAndTheElephantLargeScaleNaturalLangua697.png'
date: '2010-02-19'
speakers: [Dr. Jimmy J Lin, Nitin Madnani]
tags: [dumbo, nltk, pycon, pycon2010]
---
The Python and the Elephant: Large Scale Natural Language Processing with NLTK
and Dumbo

  
Presented by Nitin Madnani (University of Maryland, College Park); Dr. Jimmy J
Lin (University of Maryland)

  
A practical look at NLTK and Dumbo, python-powered and open-source toolkits
and APIs for processing natural language on a large scale.

  
For people like us who make a living trying to make a computer "understand"
human language, Python is a very powerful language, given its rapid
prototyping abilities, native unicode support and a stellar standard library.
This relationship has been strengthened further by an open-source, python-
based Natural Language ToolKit ([www.nltk.org](http://www.nltk.org/)) which is
being widely used in the community for both teaching and research purposes and
gaining traction in the general Python community as well
([www.nltk.org/book](http://www.nltk.org/book)). Recently, the Python
community has seen the release of Dumbo ([http://wiki.github.com/klbostee/dumb
o](http://wiki.github.com/klbostee/dumbo)), an open-source, python-based
cloud-computing API (based on Hadoop) via the hands of Klaas Bosteels.

  
In this talk, we show how the amalgamation of Python, NLTK and Dumbo can allow
for very large-scale natural language processing efficiently and elegantly.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_python_and_the_elephant_large_scale_natural_language_processing_with_nltk_and_dumbo_(#120).md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2010/335_the-python-and-the-elephant-large-scale-natural-language-processing-with-nltk-and-dumbo-120.m4v
Speakers: [Dr. Jimmy J Lin, Nitin Madnani]
Tags: [dumbo, nltk, pycon, pycon2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2010ThePythonAndTheElephantLargeScaleNaturalLangua697.png'
Title: '"The Python and the Elephant: Large Scale Natural Language Processing with
  NLTK and Dumbo (#120)"'
date: '2010-02-19'
---
The Python and the Elephant: Large Scale Natural Language Processing with NLTK
and Dumbo

  
Presented by Nitin Madnani (University of Maryland, College Park); Dr. Jimmy J
Lin (University of Maryland)

  
A practical look at NLTK and Dumbo, python-powered and open-source toolkits
and APIs for processing natural language on a large scale.

  
For people like us who make a living trying to make a computer "understand"
human language, Python is a very powerful language, given its rapid
prototyping abilities, native unicode support and a stellar standard library.
This relationship has been strengthened further by an open-source, python-
based Natural Language ToolKit ([www.nltk.org](http://www.nltk.org/)) which is
being widely used in the community for both teaching and research purposes and
gaining traction in the general Python community as well
([www.nltk.org/book](http://www.nltk.org/book)). Recently, the Python
community has seen the release of Dumbo ([http://wiki.github.com/klbostee/dumb
o](http://wiki.github.com/klbostee/dumbo)), an open-source, python-based
cloud-computing API (based on Hadoop) via the hands of Klaas Bosteels.

  
In this talk, we show how the amalgamation of Python, NLTK and Dumbo can allow
for very large-scale natural language processing efficiently and elegantly.
