content/posts/the_development_of_python_and_you.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/432_the-development-of-python-and-you.mp4
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011TheDevelopmentOfPythonAndYou317.png'
date: '2011-03-11'
speakers: [Brian Curtin]
tags: [coredev, cpython, development, gettinginvolved, pycon, pycon2011]
---
The Development of Python and You

Presented by Brian Curtin

Have an inside look at what it takes to work on CPython, from getting setup
with the source and navigating the bug tracker, to the best practices for
having your work accepted. We'll find, categorize, and fix an issue in Python
to get you started. This talk is ideal for those who are new to open source
projects or are interested in the Python development process.

Abstract

People from all backgrounds, users of all platforms, and developers of all
levels are necessary in the development of Python. From writing code to
documentation, it takes all kinds of people to make an impact. If you've used
Python, we need you, and what better place to get involved than at PyCon?

2010 saw a rise in the number of contributors to CPython, and the PSF stepped
in to support the efforts of those wanting to get involved. Are you up for the
challenge? This talk dives right into what it takes to get involved, covering
the who, what, where, when, and why of Python development, going through the
whole process live.

After the conference is over, stick around with the CPython crew and hack
away!

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_development_of_python_and_you.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon US 2011'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/pycon-us-2011/432_the-development-of-python-and-you.mp4
Speakers: [Brian Curtin]
Tags: [coredev, cpython, development, gettinginvolved, pycon, pycon2011]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Pycon-PyCon2011TheDevelopmentOfPythonAndYou317.png'
Title: '"The Development of Python and You"'
date: '2011-03-11'
---
The Development of Python and You

Presented by Brian Curtin

Have an inside look at what it takes to work on CPython, from getting setup
with the source and navigating the bug tracker, to the best practices for
having your work accepted. We'll find, categorize, and fix an issue in Python
to get you started. This talk is ideal for those who are new to open source
projects or are interested in the Python development process.

Abstract

People from all backgrounds, users of all platforms, and developers of all
levels are necessary in the development of Python. From writing code to
documentation, it takes all kinds of people to make an impact. If you've used
Python, we need you, and what better place to get involved than at PyCon?

2010 saw a rise in the number of contributors to CPython, and the PSF stepped
in to support the efforts of those wanting to get involved. Are you up for the
challenge? This talk dives right into what it takes to get involved, covering
the who, what, where, when, and why of Python development, going through the
whole process live.

After the conference is over, stick around with the CPython crew and hack
away!
