content/posts/the_web_beyond_usernames_and_passwords.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6Iu7KgiC0A"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/T6Iu7KgiC0A/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-08-21'
speakers: [Francois Marier]
tags: []
---
Persona is a new cross-browser login and identity system for the web that is
pragmatic, federated, and serves the user.

Unlike other popular solutions, it puts a strong emphasis on privacy
protection and makes your browser the trusted intermediary. Developed by
Mozilla, it is based on the simple idea of users demonstrating ownership of
their email address (with a generous serving of crypto magic under the hood).

This talk will give a high-level overview of the system and then show how
simple it is to add support for it in a Python webapp. If you want to make it
easy for users to log into your site but don't want the risks and hassle of
storing passwords, or if you cannot quite get your head around complicated
authentication systems, then this talk is for you!

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_web_beyond_usernames_and_passwords.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2012'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6Iu7KgiC0A"'
Speakers: [Francois Marier]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/T6Iu7KgiC0A/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"The web beyond usernames and passwords"'
date: '2012-08-21'
---
Persona is a new cross-browser login and identity system for the web that is
pragmatic, federated, and serves the user.

Unlike other popular solutions, it puts a strong emphasis on privacy
protection and makes your browser the trusted intermediary. Developed by
Mozilla, it is based on the simple idea of users demonstrating ownership of
their email address (with a generous serving of crypto magic under the hood).

This talk will give a high-level overview of the system and then show how
simple it is to add support for it in a Python webapp. If you want to make it
easy for users to log into your site but don't want the risks and hassle of
storing passwords, or if you cannot quite get your head around complicated
authentication systems, then this talk is for you!
