content/posts/the_continuum_platform_advanced_analytics_and_webbased_interactive_visualization_for_enterprises.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMMTqFgSYlA"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/rMMTqFgSYlA/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-07-24'
speakers: [Travis Oliphant]
tags: []
---
The people at Continuum have been involved in the Python community for decades. As a company our mission is to empower domain experts inside enterprises with the best tools for producing software solutions that deal with large and quickly-changing data. The Continuum Platform brings the world of open source together into one complete, easy-to-manage analytics and visualization platform. In this talk, Dr. Oliphant will review the open source libraries that Continuum is building and contributing to the community as part of this effort, including Numba, Bokeh, Blaze, conda, llvmpy, PyParallel, and DyND, as well as describe the freely available components of the Continuum Platform that anyone can benefit from today: Anaconda, wakari.io, and binstar.org.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_continuum_platform_advanced_analytics_and_webbased_interactive_visualization_for_enterprises.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMMTqFgSYlA"'
Speakers: [Travis Oliphant]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/rMMTqFgSYlA/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"The Continuum Platform: Advanced Analytics and Web-based Interactive Visualization
  for Enterprises"'
date: '2014-07-24'
---
The people at Continuum have been involved in the Python community for decades. As a company our mission is to empower domain experts inside enterprises with the best tools for producing software solutions that deal with large and quickly-changing data. The Continuum Platform brings the world of open source together into one complete, easy-to-manage analytics and visualization platform. In this talk, Dr. Oliphant will review the open source libraries that Continuum is building and contributing to the community as part of this effort, including Numba, Bokeh, Blaze, conda, llvmpy, PyParallel, and DyND, as well as describe the freely available components of the Continuum Platform that anyone can benefit from today: Anaconda, wakari.io, and binstar.org.
