content/posts/the_quest_for_the_pocketsized_python_by_christopher_neugebauer.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1neKbS7UZM"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/R1neKbS7UZM/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-08-07'
speakers: [Christopher Neugebauer]
tags: []
---
Python's already a language of choice for developers on the web, in science, and on the desktop. In the meantime, the world of Mobile computing has exploded in the last couple of years, and developers targetting Android, iOS, and other Mobile platforms are writing their apps in Java, Objective-C, JavaScript... but definitely not Python.

But Python's a great language for solving the sort of problems that are posed in Mobile development time -- speedy development cycles, 20 years worth of libraries for solving many tasks that you throw at it, and a ready-made community to help developers. So why aren't we using Python?

This talk surveys the current landscape of Python on the major Mobile platforms, and ways you can start targeting Mobile platforms with your Python code. We'll look at considerations for Mobile web development, the state of Python-based mobile toolkits, and progress towards Python-coded native UIs.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_quest_for_the_pocketsized_python_by_christopher_neugebauer.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon AU 2014'
Copyright: 'http://www.youtube.com/t/terms'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1neKbS7UZM"'
Speakers: [Christopher Neugebauer]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/R1neKbS7UZM/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"The Quest for the Pocket-Sized Python by Christopher Neugebauer"'
date: '2014-08-07'
---
Python's already a language of choice for developers on the web, in science, and on the desktop. In the meantime, the world of Mobile computing has exploded in the last couple of years, and developers targetting Android, iOS, and other Mobile platforms are writing their apps in Java, Objective-C, JavaScript... but definitely not Python.

But Python's a great language for solving the sort of problems that are posed in Mobile development time -- speedy development cycles, 20 years worth of libraries for solving many tasks that you throw at it, and a ready-made community to help developers. So why aren't we using Python?

This talk surveys the current landscape of Python on the major Mobile platforms, and ways you can start targeting Mobile platforms with your Python code. We'll look at considerations for Mobile web development, the state of Python-based mobile toolkits, and progress towards Python-coded native UIs.
