content/posts/the_elephant_in_the_web_application.md, before:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app.thumbs/2%20A%20The%20elephant%20in%20the%20web%20application-_001410.jpg'
date: '2014-10-02'
speakers: [Iwan Vosloo]
tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
---
In this talk, I'd like to convince you that developing a web application today is an unnecessarily cumbersome and error prone task. It is time for web frameworks to evolve and become more like graphical user interface (GUI) frameworks: these provide abstractions called "windows" or "widgets" that let a programmer write an application using terms that describe what is being built, with less (if any) focus on the underlying technologies needed to accomplish drawing these items on a screen.
A web application programmer (in contrast to a GUI programmer) needs to know quite a few different technologies and a fair bit of effort is required to orchestrate these tools into achieving an end result: a template language, HTML, HTTP, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Reusing something substantial is especially difficult, which means in a sizeable web application the same dragons need to be fought several times over. If a programmer has to constantly deal with all this subject matter, it takes focus away from what actually needs to be built: the application itself.
Why are we putting up with having to know HTML and similar low-level technologies? Is it an elephant in the room? Something we pretend not to see, yet we accept the burden of having to work around it?
I will show you what it takes to build a web application; what repetitive tasks there are and what a programmer needs to be aware of. I hope to convince you that there's a better way, and that what was perhaps an idealistic dream a decade ago can now be done - not only by our own fully-featured Python web framework (Reahl), but also by a small number of others beyond the realm of Python.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/the_elephant_in_the_web_application.md, after:

---
Category: 'PyCon ZA 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://archive.org/details/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app"'
Speakers: [Iwan Vosloo]
Tags: [pyconza, pyconza2014]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://archive.org/download/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app/pyconza2014-elephant-in-the-web-app.thumbs/2%20A%20The%20elephant%20in%20the%20web%20application-_001410.jpg'
Title: '"The elephant in the web application"'
date: '2014-10-02'
---
In this talk, I'd like to convince you that developing a web application today is an unnecessarily cumbersome and error prone task. It is time for web frameworks to evolve and become more like graphical user interface (GUI) frameworks: these provide abstractions called "windows" or "widgets" that let a programmer write an application using terms that describe what is being built, with less (if any) focus on the underlying technologies needed to accomplish drawing these items on a screen.
A web application programmer (in contrast to a GUI programmer) needs to know quite a few different technologies and a fair bit of effort is required to orchestrate these tools into achieving an end result: a template language, HTML, HTTP, CSS, JavaScript, etc. Reusing something substantial is especially difficult, which means in a sizeable web application the same dragons need to be fought several times over. If a programmer has to constantly deal with all this subject matter, it takes focus away from what actually needs to be built: the application itself.
Why are we putting up with having to know HTML and similar low-level technologies? Is it an elephant in the room? Something we pretend not to see, yet we accept the burden of having to work around it?
I will show you what it takes to build a web application; what repetitive tasks there are and what a programmer needs to be aware of. I hope to convince you that there's a better way, and that what was perhaps an idealistic dream a decade ago can now be done - not only by our own fully-featured Python web framework (Reahl), but also by a small number of others beyond the realm of Python.
