content/posts/using_storm_to_work_with_sql_databases.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC5QqVWA8Vo"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/JC5QqVWA8Vo/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-13'
speakers: [Jamu Kakar]
tags: [database]
---
Storm is an object relational mapper for SQL databases, with builtin support
for PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite. It was designed and implemented as part of
the Landscape project at Canonical in mid-2006 and was open sourced in
mid-2007. Since then it's been used in a variety of projects, in production
for many years, and has received numerous enhancements and bug fixes. The
features of Storm will be explained with a series of examples and with
discussion about what's happening in each one. In addition to describing the
concepts and features that a developer needs to understand, a variety of best
practices will be shared, to help developers make the best use of Storm.

The examples in this talk assume that participants have a good understanding
of SQL, transactions, relationships between tables and other common database
concepts.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/using_storm_to_work_with_sql_databases.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC5QqVWA8Vo"'
Speakers: [Jamu Kakar]
Tags: [database]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/JC5QqVWA8Vo/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Using Storm to work with SQL databases"'
date: '2011-07-13'
---
Storm is an object relational mapper for SQL databases, with builtin support
for PostgreSQL, MySQL and SQLite. It was designed and implemented as part of
the Landscape project at Canonical in mid-2006 and was open sourced in
mid-2007. Since then it's been used in a variety of projects, in production
for many years, and has received numerous enhancements and bug fixes. The
features of Storm will be explained with a series of examples and with
discussion about what's happening in each one. In addition to describing the
concepts and features that a developer needs to understand, a variety of best
practices will be shared, to help developers make the best use of Storm.

The examples in this talk assume that participants have a good understanding
of SQL, transactions, relationships between tables and other common database
concepts.
