content/posts/using_cython_for_distributedmultiprocess_steganographic_md5sumcollision_generation....md, before:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2013'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj9_EIlc_NU"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/Dj9_EIlc_NU/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2013-09-13'
speakers: [Tom Eastman]
tags: []
---
@ Kiwi PyCon 2013 - Saturday, 07 Sep 2013 - Track 2

**Audience level**

Intermediate

**Abstract**

Cython is brilliant, it looks like Python but compiles to native C. It can be used as a simple way of writing lightning-fast C extensions for Python, or for a simple means of hooking into already-existing C libraries. If you are writing CPU intensive applications, like, say, hypothetically, cracking one-way cryptographic functions, Cython is a perfect mixture of simple expressiveness while making sure the 'inner loop' of your code is running as close to the bare metal as possible.

And that's all this talk will be about, honest.

Why are you looking at me like that?

**Slides**

https://speakerdeck.com/nzpug/tom-eastman-using-cython-for-distributed-multiprocess-steganographic-md5sum-collision-generation-for-dot-dot-dot-reasons

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/using_cython_for_distributedmultiprocess_steganographic_md5sumcollision_generation....md, after:

---
Category: 'Kiwi PyCon 2013'
Copyright: ''
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj9_EIlc_NU"'
Speakers: [Tom Eastman]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/Dj9_EIlc_NU/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Using Cython for distributed-multiprocess steganographic md5sum-collision
  generation..."'
date: '2013-09-13'
---
@ Kiwi PyCon 2013 - Saturday, 07 Sep 2013 - Track 2

**Audience level**

Intermediate

**Abstract**

Cython is brilliant, it looks like Python but compiles to native C. It can be used as a simple way of writing lightning-fast C extensions for Python, or for a simple means of hooking into already-existing C libraries. If you are writing CPU intensive applications, like, say, hypothetically, cracking one-way cryptographic functions, Cython is a perfect mixture of simple expressiveness while making sure the 'inner loop' of your code is running as close to the bare metal as possible.

And that's all this talk will be about, honest.

Why are you looking at me like that?

**Slides**

https://speakerdeck.com/nzpug/tom-eastman-using-cython-for-distributed-multiprocess-steganographic-md5sum-collision-generation-for-dot-dot-dot-reasons
