content/posts/using_python_in_software_for_the_medical_industry.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFi7LpBr-JY"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/SFi7LpBr-JY/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-18'
speakers: [wesley chun]
tags: [documentation, web]
---
The medical industry has long been dominated by custom software written by
manufacturers of medical equipment. With the widespread use of lower-cost
computing power and abundance of software developers using cost-beneficial
open source development tools, it is no surprise that this is a rapidly-
growing field in software engineering. In this talk, I will describe some of
my experiences using Python and other open source tools, temporarily
transitioning from the world of the web and Internet development, jumping into
the medical industry, an experience much like being a fish out of water. The
experiences of working in this field, specifically developing software for use
in clinical trials. We describe the use of open source tools for such software
development, the required integration with closed-source software, and the
documentation rigor that is necessary in a field under the jurisdiction of the
US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In particular, I'll describe direct
experience in building an application for the use of analyzing spinal
fractures and the various tools that make up the application suite, whose
primary development language was Python. We will also discuss the particular
role of the my employer at the time in the clinical trials process and
elaborate on the data flow that was necessary for all medical applications
developed at the firm, not just the one in particular.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/using_python_in_software_for_the_medical_industry.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFi7LpBr-JY"'
Speakers: [wesley chun]
Tags: [documentation, web]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/SFi7LpBr-JY/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Using Python in Software for the Medical Industry"'
date: '2011-07-18'
---
The medical industry has long been dominated by custom software written by
manufacturers of medical equipment. With the widespread use of lower-cost
computing power and abundance of software developers using cost-beneficial
open source development tools, it is no surprise that this is a rapidly-
growing field in software engineering. In this talk, I will describe some of
my experiences using Python and other open source tools, temporarily
transitioning from the world of the web and Internet development, jumping into
the medical industry, an experience much like being a fish out of water. The
experiences of working in this field, specifically developing software for use
in clinical trials. We describe the use of open source tools for such software
development, the required integration with closed-source software, and the
documentation rigor that is necessary in a field under the jurisdiction of the
US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In particular, I'll describe direct
experience in building an application for the use of analyzing spinal
fractures and the various tools that make up the application suite, whose
primary development language was Python. We will also discuss the particular
role of the my employer at the time in the clinical trials process and
elaborate on the data flow that was necessary for all medical applications
developed at the firm, not just the one in particular.
