content/posts/visualization_and_analysis_of_large_scale_datasets_with_python.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fHnMecFIyw"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/4fHnMecFIyw/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2011-07-13'
speakers: [Christine Moran]
tags: [analysis, datasets, opensource, parallel, simulations, visualization]
---
In this talk I will introduce ParaView, an open source application developed
by researchers around the world for parallel visualization and analysis of
large scale datasets, which in can be used to visualize and analyze terabytes
of data in real time. ParaView’s core algorithms are implemented in C/C++ but
all its major functionality can be scripted from python with ease. I’ll give a
short introduction to AstroViz, a parallel visualization tool for
astrophysical simulations implemented as an opensource plugin to ParaView,
which I have been lead developer on since 2009. The focus of the talk will be
on driving ParaView from within python however, both general out of the box
use and customized extensions.

I also have access to several parallel supercomputers so if there’s a huge
dataset we as a crowd would like to tackle visualizing during the course of
the week that would be fun project. The end of the talk will be a short
brainstorm of cool applications of analysis and visualization of large scale
datasets.

[http://www.paraview.org/](http://www.paraview.org/)

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/visualization_and_analysis_of_large_scale_datasets_with_python.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2011'
Copyright: 'Standard YouTube License'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fHnMecFIyw"'
Speakers: [Christine Moran]
Tags: [analysis, datasets, opensource, parallel, simulations, visualization]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/4fHnMecFIyw/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Visualization and Analysis of Large Scale Datasets with Python"'
date: '2011-07-13'
---
In this talk I will introduce ParaView, an open source application developed
by researchers around the world for parallel visualization and analysis of
large scale datasets, which in can be used to visualize and analyze terabytes
of data in real time. ParaView’s core algorithms are implemented in C/C++ but
all its major functionality can be scripted from python with ease. I’ll give a
short introduction to AstroViz, a parallel visualization tool for
astrophysical simulations implemented as an opensource plugin to ParaView,
which I have been lead developer on since 2009. The focus of the talk will be
on driving ParaView from within python however, both general out of the box
use and customized extensions.

I also have access to several parallel supercomputers so if there’s a huge
dataset we as a crowd would like to tackle visualizing during the course of
the week that would be fun project. The end of the talk will be a short
brainstorm of cool applications of analysis and visualization of large scale
datasets.

[http://www.paraview.org/](http://www.paraview.org/)
