content/posts/what_is_django's_role_on_mobile.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_R3DYwBWyY"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/3_R3DYwBWyY/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2012-09-05'
speakers: [Eric Florenzano]
tags: [django, mobile]
---
# Intro

  * Django's version of MVC vs. iOS/Android version of MVC
  * How the platforms differ from Django
  * What is similar to Django

# API

  * Easiest way for Django to be used in conjunction with mobile today
  * Big fat requests with lots of data preferable to many smaller requests
  * Authentication best practices for mobile backend APIs

# PhoneGap

  * Can actually use Django to build your mobile app today
  * JavaScript tricks to get around things like tap delay
  * How much Django is really used vs. how much JavaScript
  * Offline caching
  * Performance issues with this approach

# Future

  * Quick look at RubyMotion
  * Turns out it's possible to cross-compile Python for iOS
  * Android has Py4A (including interpreter embedding)
  * What can be done with this? Mobile Django.

# Conclusion

  * They are different worlds, need to be careful to respect both
  * Even today Django proves useful as an API layer
  * Django web apps in native wrapper can be a solution, albeit with its issues
  * As hardware gets better, we may see something like an embedded Django

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/what_is_django's_role_on_mobile.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2012'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution license (reuse allowed'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_R3DYwBWyY"'
Speakers: [Eric Florenzano]
Tags: [django, mobile]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/3_R3DYwBWyY/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"What is Django''s Role on Mobile?"'
date: '2012-09-05'
---
# Intro

  * Django's version of MVC vs. iOS/Android version of MVC
  * How the platforms differ from Django
  * What is similar to Django

# API

  * Easiest way for Django to be used in conjunction with mobile today
  * Big fat requests with lots of data preferable to many smaller requests
  * Authentication best practices for mobile backend APIs

# PhoneGap

  * Can actually use Django to build your mobile app today
  * JavaScript tricks to get around things like tap delay
  * How much Django is really used vs. how much JavaScript
  * Offline caching
  * Performance issues with this approach

# Future

  * Quick look at RubyMotion
  * Turns out it's possible to cross-compile Python for iOS
  * Android has Py4A (including interpreter embedding)
  * What can be done with this? Mobile Django.

# Conclusion

  * They are different worlds, need to be careful to respect both
  * Even today Django proves useful as an API layer
  * Django web apps in native wrapper can be a solution, albeit with its issues
  * As hardware gets better, we may see something like an embedded Django
