content/posts/why_django_sucks,_and_how_we_can_fix_it.md, before:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/44_why-django-sucks-and-how-we-can-fix-it.flv
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-WhyDjangoSucksAndHowWeCanFixIt128.png'
speakers: [Eric Florenzano]
tags: [djangocon, djangocon2010]
---
Why Django Sucks, and How We Can Fix It

Presented by Eric Florenzano

Eric Florenzano trolls DjangoCon. He identifies problems with Django ranging
from app structure, to settings, to the development process, to the community,
and more. Some of the problems he identifies have been around since the
beginning, and some are emerging as Django matures. It's not all gloom—the
latter half of the talk focuses on proposals on how to tackle these issues
that face Django.

Abstract

This talk focuses on real problems that people face when using Django every
day. It dives down and attempts to find root causes for each of these
problems. Essentially, what are the things that suck about Django?

Then the talk walks point-by-point for each of the things that suck, and
provides suggestions for actions that the Django community can take to make
them suck less.

The goal here is to start a discussion, to bring to light the problems that
tend to be ignored, and to have a little fun in the process.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/why_django_sucks,_and_how_we_can_fix_it.md, after:

---
Category: 'DjangoCon 2010'
Copyright: 'Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: http://05d2db1380b6504cc981-8cbed8cf7e3a131cd8f1c3e383d10041.r93.cf2.rackcdn.com/djangocon-2010/44_why-django-sucks-and-how-we-can-fix-it.flv
Speakers: [Eric Florenzano]
Tags: [djangocon, djangocon2010]
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://a.images.blip.tv/Robertlofthouse-WhyDjangoSucksAndHowWeCanFixIt128.png'
Title: '"Why Django Sucks, and How We Can Fix It"'
---
Why Django Sucks, and How We Can Fix It

Presented by Eric Florenzano

Eric Florenzano trolls DjangoCon. He identifies problems with Django ranging
from app structure, to settings, to the development process, to the community,
and more. Some of the problems he identifies have been around since the
beginning, and some are emerging as Django matures. It's not all gloom—the
latter half of the talk focuses on proposals on how to tackle these issues
that face Django.

Abstract

This talk focuses on real problems that people face when using Django every
day. It dives down and attempts to find root causes for each of these
problems. Essentially, what are the things that suck about Django?

Then the talk walks point-by-point for each of the things that suck, and
provides suggestions for actions that the Django community can take to make
them suck less.

The goal here is to start a discussion, to bring to light the problems that
tend to be ignored, and to have a little fun in the process.
