content/posts/will_i_still_be_able_to_get_a_job_in_2024_if_i_don't_do_tdd.md, before:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loWnONmVtpM"'
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/loWnONmVtpM/hqdefault.jpg'
date: '2014-07-22'
speakers: [Emily Bache]
tags: []
---
TDD hasn't yet been embraced by everyone,
but is it just a matter of time? Ten years from now, will a non-TDD
practicing developer experience the horror of being labelled a
technology adoption 'laggard', and be left working exclusively on
dreadfully boring legacy systems?

It could be a smart move to get down to your nearest Coding Dojo and
practice TDD on some Code Katas. On the other hand, the thing with
disruptive technologies is that even they can become disrupted when
something better comes along. What about Property-Based Testing?
Approval Testing? Outside-In Development?

In this talk, I'd like to look at the chasm-crossing potential of TDD
and some related technologies. My aim is that both you and I will still
be able to get a good job in 2024.

Commit message:

further content formatting, title updates

content/posts/will_i_still_be_able_to_get_a_job_in_2024_if_i_don't_do_tdd.md, after:

---
Category: 'EuroPython 2014'
Copyright: 'http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/'
Language: 'English'
SourceUrl: '"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loWnONmVtpM"'
Speakers: [Emily Bache]
Tags: []
ThumbnailUrl: 'http://i.ytimg.com/vi/loWnONmVtpM/hqdefault.jpg'
Title: '"Will I still be able to get a job in 2024 if I don''t do TDD"'
date: '2014-07-22'
---
TDD hasn't yet been embraced by everyone,
but is it just a matter of time? Ten years from now, will a non-TDD
practicing developer experience the horror of being labelled a
technology adoption 'laggard', and be left working exclusively on
dreadfully boring legacy systems?

It could be a smart move to get down to your nearest Coding Dojo and
practice TDD on some Code Katas. On the other hand, the thing with
disruptive technologies is that even they can become disrupted when
something better comes along. What about Property-Based Testing?
Approval Testing? Outside-In Development?

In this talk, I'd like to look at the chasm-crossing potential of TDD
and some related technologies. My aim is that both you and I will still
be able to get a good job in 2024.
